Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to hopefully move the customers

towards or to the table now instead of a random position. Okay, so let's jump right in. All right,

so we can comment our debug line in here in the handleCustomerServed method in our table manager

and instead we're going to grab the table that we've found earlier. Okay, so let's also comment

this. Bam! Thank you. Yep, like so. So let's grab our table. So table set table equals get first

clean empty table. Nice! And if the table equals null, it should not happen. This is not normal.

So what we are going to do is debug an error. So dl log error no clean table found. This should not

happen. Okay, run the table manager and let's also return.

Okay, but if we happen to find a table, by the way, this is just a precaution here in case

we mess up in our code, but it should definitely not happen because we've made sure that we had

a table before calling this method. So then what we are going to do is tell the table to handle

the customer. So table.acceptCustomer or handleCustomer, the customer we need to serve.

And you know what? We are also going to pass in this, the table manager, so that we can store it

at least once. What we could have done is also in the in the awake method do something like

tables at index i dot initialize with the table manager. But no, we are going to do it that way.

So let's create this method. Boom. Okay, perfect. So it's going to be a public void

acceptCustomer, customer table manager. We are going to reference the table manager. So elements

private table manager table manager. And in here this dot table manager equals table manager.

Then we can handle our customer. Okay, so how are we going to handle the customer? The table set

needs to move the customer towards a certain chair. So the chair that we've created earlier

needs to have a position where we want to put our customer in, right? So first off, the table set

needs to be aware of the chairs that we've got. So let's do that. Private chair array chairs.

And again, it implies that the amount of chairs for a specific table set will not change over time.

Okay, so inside of here, chairs equal get components in children. Okay, of type chair. Nice.

So inside of here, we want to grab the first empty chair and try and move the customer there.

So we can do chair target chair will be equals to get first empty chair. Okay,

let's create this method. Boom. This is going to be quite simple. So we are going to loop through

all of our chairs dot length and grab the first empty one. So if chairs at index i dot is empty

or is full, I told you sometimes I'm going to use is empty, sometimes I'm going to use is full. I

like variety. We are going to return that boy. So return chairs at index i chairs. Yeah. Otherwise,

we're going to return no. So let's create this property in here. Boom is empty. I'm going to try

and not repeat the same mistake here with a lowercase i. Private bool is empty. And again,

at start, awake is empty equals true. Okay, these are the settings. Nice.

So let's jump back to our table set here. At this point, we should have found an empty chair.

If that's not the case, it means that we've got an error because the table should not be full again.

So we can handle that case if target chair equals null, return. But first, we are going to debug

that log error table set. No empty chair was found. This should not happen. Come on. Okay.

So we now have a target chair. What should we do? We are first going to mark that chair as occupied

or full, not empty, so that we can't use it anymore later on for other customers until the customer

has completed or finished eating or drinking. And then we are going to tell the customer to go

towards that chair. Not at the exact position of the chair, and you should already know why. I'm

going to give you zero second to think about it. But yeah, we should move it to somewhere around

or near the chair. Okay, enough enigmas or puzzles. So target chair dot mark as occupied.

That's the first step. It should not be able to be occupied by another customer.

Then customer dot go to then. We are not just going to tell the customer to go towards that

position, because we need to do more stuff after that. Okay. One of the things that we need to do

is tell him to sit down or play the sit down animation. So we want to use the go to then

method. And I think that I need to turn that into a public one. So public. There you go.

So go to then. We are going to go to the target chair dot customer position.

Do I want to go that fast? No. I think I'm going to go target chair dot transform that position

just to show you the error that we are going to encounter. And the callback here should be

handle customer reached chair, the customer and the target chair. Okay, just to do some stuff.

Let's actually press alt enter so that the method is generated automatically. Thank you.

We are also going to create this method. So mark as occupied. This one is going to be

quite simple again. We're just going to set is empty equals false. All right. And after that,

we want to check if the table is full or not. Okay, so yeah, it might be important later on for

other customers. So check if table is full. Or maybe we can call it check if full. Yeah,

something like that. So when is it full if we don't have any table available? Okay,

or any chair available because we are in the table script. So for i from chairs dot length

chairs dot length, if chairs at index i dot is empty, it means that we've got an available

chair. So is full equals false, just to make sure. And we can return. Okay. Otherwise,

is full equals true. So we can just do this is full equals true, because we did not find

an available chair. Okay. If the chair is empty, we've got somewhere to go. Yep. I'm just double

checking here. I don't want to make any mistake. So we should be good here. Nice. Let's now jump

back to Unity because hopefully we can try this out. Okay, let's hit play. All right. So we should

see some customers coming again. Let's grab some cups. Boom. Let's grab a bit more. Thank you.

Okay, so let's serve them. All right. Yep. Now you can see what happens here.

Really weird, isn't it? What's the issue? Food serving station dequeuing blah, blah, blah.

Customer 17 cannot reach the target position 8030 minus 251. Why? Here is a quick trick that I use.

I'm just right clicking 3D object sphere. And I set this position 803 minus 251.

What do we have in there? We are not on the nav mesh. So of course, the customer will not be able

to reach this position right here. That's why I told you previously. So what we could have done

is select the chair here, the chair, not the renderer, and uncheck the nav mesh obstacle.

What the heck is happening? Come on, bro. What's wrong with you? Do you need some coffee? Anyway.

Sorry. So yeah, the chair here. We could have disabled the nav mesh obstacle. And

when the customer reaches that position, we can enable the nav mesh obstacle. But, but, but, but,

but, but, but, but, but, it's not good at all. Imagine this case. That happened to me so many

times when making the course. We don't have any nav mesh here, but we've got a worker or a customer

walking to, to, to, to, to, to, to, and just passing through this position because it's not an obstacle.

So if the obstacle is not enabled, the customers and any nav mesh agent can go through these,

this chair. At some point, we had some customers and workers in the middle of the chair, literally

in the middle of the chair, and another one came, sat down, enabled the obstacle, and the customer

or worker was stuck. And I was like, what's happening in there? What's wrong? So yeah, this is

one thing that you need to keep in mind, please. So the fix that I found for that is to have a

position near the chair here, okay, somewhere around here, that the customer will go to, and when he

reaches that position, we can disable the nav mesh agent and just manipulate it however you want.

So place it on the chair, play some animation, like the the sit and drink animation, and so on.

Okay, so this is what we are going to do in this lesson really quickly because, because you're smart.

So let's open our chair prefab, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair, chair. In here, we are going to right

click and create an empty game object. This is going to be the customer target point. The other

one is going to be the customer target walk point. So this is where the customer should walk towards.

So I'm going to give it a small icon. You should move it to somewhere around here, let's say. Let's

have a top view. Yeah, should be good. And the customer target point here is where the customer

is going to sit. Okay, so I'm going to save you some time here. It's .005.698.187. Okay, so this is

a position that I found when making the game. Let's do something like that. And of course, you can

experiment with these and find some better values. What we can do now is exit the chair. Okay, boom.

So here is one issue here. So this one is on the nav mesh, but this one is on the other side.

So we've got two solutions for that. You can either grab this one and move it wherever you

want so that the customer is going to try and move towards that position, which is actually

nice to do. And we can apply it to the prefab. So not to the chair prefab. Hopefully, it's going

to apply to the scene. Not the scene, the table set, yeah. So now if we open the table set script.

Oh, come on. I'm losing my words. Prefab. Both target positions for the customers are right.

Cool. Okay, so now let's use these positions instead of the simple chair position. So for

that, we are going to open the chair script and add our two new positions. So elements,

serialize field, private transform, customer target point, where the customer should sit.

And the other one is going to be the customer target walk point. Okay, so from that, we can

return the position. So public vector3, it's going to be a property. Customer target walk position.

And we are going to return the customer target walk point dot position. Nice. So let's do this

step by step here. We are just going to move the customer towards that position or to that position.

So table set. Okay, go to then. So we are going to go towards the target chair dot

customer target walk position. Okay, and when we've reached that position, we can call handle

customer reach chair. So in here, we can disable the navmesh agent again and move it to the chair.

I think we are going to do that in the next lesson. So for now, let's jump back to Unity.

I think we are going to open the chair prefab in here. All right, let's reference our target point

and target walk point. Thank you. So now we should be able to hit play.

Let's grab some coffee cups. Boom. Okay, thank you. And now if we serve them, yep,

they are moving towards that position. Really cool. Awesome.

So yeah, everything seems to be working perfectly till this point. So in the next one, let's try and

actually tell them to sit. See you in the next one.