Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to complete the core loop of the game which is

customers grabbing a cup or food, going to the table, consuming the beverage or food and then

leaving so that more customers can come after we've cleaned the table of course. So the goal

of this lesson is going to fire the customers that have consumed their food. Okay let's go!

Okay so right here handle customer reached chair. Whenever a customer has reached a chair

what we want to do is increment a timer. A timer we are going to use to hide the food step by step

from the top to the bottom and actually fire the customers after the timer has elapsed.

So timer plus equals constants dot time to consume food. So for that I've decided to use

a constants static class to store my constants but of course you can use a value from right

here so you can create a variable and use it. Okay so let's jump back to Unity, Tiny Coffee

Shop, Scripts, Utilities maybe yeah, Constants.

Constants. Let's open the script. Okay so it's going to be a static class and we are going to

do this, this, public static float time to consume food. There you go, thank you.

Now we can jump back to our table set here and we want to set up the value by the way of our

time to consume food. Let's say each food should take I don't know one second so five cups five

seconds. Let's start with this value and then we can tweak it. You will tweak it when making the

game of course. So timer, yep we need to set up our timer here but we are not going to add one

time to consume food and by the way make sure that you increase the timer each time you grab a food

so that you increase it for each food actually. If the line was outside of the loop like right here

it would only add one second even though the customer has five cups. So yeah just make sure

to do so. So let's now create our timer. Let's do a new header, timer settings, private float,

timer. So now that we get our timer we can create a new logic in the update method. We are going to

check if the customers.count is greater than zero then we want to handle our timer. Let's create

this method, okay thank you. Inside of here we want to decrease our timer, time.deltaTime and if the

timer is less or equals to zero we want to fire the customers. There you go. It's not the best way

of describing the method but it's understandable. Okay let's say that they have not paid us enough

so let's fire them. Okay so to fire our customers what are we going to do? Well first off what we

can do is customers.clear. That's the first step. Then we are going to tell each chair to fire the

customers. So for i from zero to chairs.length we are going to check if the chair is empty or not

because we might have a customer sitting alone at a table. So if chairs at index i that is empty

we are just going to continue. Thank you. Next we are going to grab the customer from the chair

and now that I'm thinking about it maybe the customers list here is useless but anyway we

have it just in case. We might use it later on. Who knows? My nose. Okay so customer

customer will be equal to chairs at index i dot pop. The pop method here in the chair will return

the customer. Remember we've added the push method just here. So let's create this method. Thank you.

Then we are going to tell the customer manager to handle that fired customer. The table set is not

going to tell the customer to go at a certain point. The customer manager will. So customer

manager dot instance dot handle fired customer and we can pass in the customer here. After that we

are going to mess up the chairs and apply some visual changes. But for now let's keep it

as simple as possible. So now that the customers have left the table is dirty. So is dirty equals

true. We should display the dirty cups or dirty food. So we are going to mark the plateau as dirty

plateau dot mark as dirty. The plateau will then swap the renders of the current food that's on it

and finally is full equals false. So now the table has a new state. It's empty but it's dirty. So in

the table manager later on when we look for a dirty for a clean table sorry we are going to

add another condition here. If the table is dirty we are we don't want to send customers there.

Got it? So let's create this one is the I think this is the the simplest one. So let's do alt

this create generate a field. Thank you. We also want a property for that so I'm going to do something

like this is dirty and return is dirty. Thank you. So that's the first step. Let's mark the plateau

as dirty and generate the handle fired customer. I think I'm going to start with this one.

So let's open it. Public. Okay. Thank you.

There you go. So to make things simple our customer manager will have a certain customer

exit point where the customer should go after consuming their food. So let's do serialize field

private transform customer exit point let's say. And inside of here we want to do customer

dot get up and go where to the exit point so customer exit point dot position.

And the callback or the method that we need to call after this has happened is handle

customer reached exit point and of course we want to pass in the customer in here. Okay.

So let's create this method. Boom. Oh what did I do? Control Z.

Control Z. Okay. Yeah. Yeah that's odd. So customer. Thank you. This is now good. Now let's

create this one. Generate the method. Perfect. And inside of here we are not going to return

anything so void and by the way why get up and go? Oh it has generated this. Okay so let's do

action here. Callback. Yep. Or maybe reach destination callback. Yeah. Public. But I

don't want to implement this right now. I want to implement this one. This is where if you are

using pooling you would return the customer to the pool. So in my case I'm just going to destroy

the customer. As simple as it gets. Now let's implement the get up and go method. Why is it

different than the go to then? Not that much. It's not that much different but remember when the

customer has reached the table we've disabled the navigation. So we definitely need to

enable the navigation one more time. So enable navigation and finally go to then position

callback. Thank you. So let's enable our navigation. Disable right here. So private void

enable navigation.

Thank you. And navigation ability dot enable.

Enable. There you go. Let's create this one just after the disable method. So public void

enable. I don't know why I keep adding semicolons after. It's just a reflex

from creating abstract classes. So agent dot enabled equals true. We might do something else

but I want you to think about it first. If we keep it as is what will happen?

Are we going to have some issues or not?

Anyway let's try and do that first. We are going to mark the plateau as dirty later on. We just

want to check if the customers are going to move to the target position or not after consuming the

food. So customer manager. Yeah we need to reference the exit point here. So for that

we are going to do something like this. So right click create an empty game object. Customer exit

point. There you go. Let's drop it here. Where is my boy? We are going to select it

and tell them to exit maybe somewhere around here. So move to view. Thank you. Let's set the

y value to zero and move the position here. Somewhere around here or maybe behind the tree.

Okay we've referenced this. The table is ready to go. Let's hit play. We are going to have two issues

so that just I just want you to know that. But let's tackle them one by one. So let's put some

cups in here. Okay boom boom boom boom boom. Okay so we need to have two customers that go towards

the table. So here's the first one and here's the second one. So they are consuming their food

and they should leave maybe at some point. Okay not implemented method. Come on I always have

not implemented methods. Okay so let's implement our pop method here. We need to return the customer.

So popping the customer will mean multiple things. First off we are going to return

the customer. But we should not return it right away because if we return it we can't

apply logic after that. So what we are going to do instead is set is empty to false. Sorry true.

Now the customer is going to leave. So the chair is empty. Next customer.transfer.setParent.

Null. It doesn't have any link with the chair anymore. We could actually turn it into a child

of the customer manager if we wanted to from the either from here or from the table set. Okay.

But yeah we now need to set our customer here to null. But if we do customer equals null we won't

be able to return it. So in here we are going to return the customer to return. And we are going

to store it just before setting customer to null. So customer to return is going to be equal to

customer. Nice. And just like that we should be set. So let's jump back to Unity one more time.

Try that again. Okay so let's grab the cups again. Let's grab the cups. Let's serve our customers.

One two three. Okay so we've got three or four cups. Four seconds should be enough.

And yeah they're actually leaving. Awesome. Nice. I'm gonna follow you. Come on. Come here.

Come here. Where are you going? Boom. After reaching behind the tree they disappeared.

Okay so I thought that we were going to have an error where the customer would not be able to

warp to the nav mesh. Because this is an issue that I've encountered when making the course.

So it has either been fixed or I have some different settings. But that's a good point.

Just in case you run into this issue I just want to show you how you can fix that.

So when enabling our navigation in the customer right here. So enable navigation.

Before enabling right here actually. Before enabling the agent you might want to warp

the customer or the agent to the nav mesh. And for that here is how you can do it. So you are going

to sample a position on the nav mesh close to where the customer is. So if navmesh.samplePosition

transform.position. Then you need a hit. NavMesh.hit. And let's specify a radius. The warp

radius is the distance. The maximum distance where you want to check for a nav mesh surface position

from the transform.position. So we can do something like half a meter or half a unit.

And for the mask we are going to use navmesh.allAreas. So if we find a position on the

nav mesh. If we can warp. We are going to do agent.warpToThatHit.position. That way we can

warp the nav mesh agent to the nav mesh surface. And we make sure that it is on a nav mesh surface.

But yeah. I'm just going to comment this by the way. Perfect. So if you run into that issue where

you have an error or you have a warning telling you that the nav mesh agent is not on a surface

you can use that prior to enabling the agent. Okay I think that I hope that was useful.

So in the next one let's implement our table cleaning thingy. So we need to mess up the chairs.

We need to change or switch the meshes here for our coffee cups. Boom boom. And we also have

something else. Oh here is the issue I want to show you by the way. Let me just do. Wait wait wait

wait wait. I'm just gonna go here. Yep. There you go. Better. So imagine that. Oh by the way the table

is dirty. I need to exit and come back because the customers won't be able to sit on a dirty table.

Even though they should be able because we haven't implemented the method

in the table manager yet. But yeah there is something I want to show you here.

Imagine this case. It happened to me so I want to show it to you. You serve the first customer.

Boom up. And now you wait for it. Oh come on. It did not happen. Can you go there? Okay he can.

Okay so let's try and move another one. Now wait wait wait. I'm gonna try and apply that because I

really want you to see that. Okay so the first one is going there. Wait for one two seconds and

then the second one is coming. Boom. If the second customer is coming while the first one is still

eating, so he's still sitting there, you are going to have an error because this chair is not

occupied anymore. So customer.transform.setParent null. We don't have any customer there.

I hope that this is clear. So here is a fix I came up with. If we are going to send a customer at a

certain table we are going to freeze the timer. We should not implement or handle our timer in

the table set method right here. We should not decrement it. So we are going to freeze it and

whenever the customer reaches the table, sits down, we are going to enable it again. Okay?

It's so cool that it worked like really right away because again when making the course like

it was a mess figuring that out. Anyway see you in the next one.