Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to allow our player to collect these coffee cups

spawned by the coffee station. By the way, it's now a pizza station so let's switch that to coffee

cups again. Thank you. Let's just make sure that everything is still working as expected.

Okay, so one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Thank you. Perfect! So, here is what we're gonna

do. We can move the player whenever we move it near the coffee station. So, we will need another

box collider for the coffee station and this one is going to be trigger. But when we trigger that

coffee station, we are going to try and collect cups or spawnable foods. So, it means that our

player also needs a plateau. So, let's add a plateau to our character. We want the plateau

to rotate with the character so we're going to turn it into a child of the hyper casual character

V2. Okay, at start, by the way, we can just reset the position. Where is our player? Thank you.

Here is the plateau so it should be somewhere around here, I guess. What we can do is just do

this. Boom! Let's play the idle with plateau maybe. Okay, just a little bit above this position

somewhere around here. Nice! Cool! Okay, so now the platter... the platter... Come on! The player has a

plateau. So, the next step is going to be to disable the plateau for now. Select our coffee station

which is right here. Thank you. And we are going to add a box collider. This one is going to be a trigger

and we can switch to a top view to set this collider correctly. So, we can say that whenever

the player gets close to these positions or this box enters this box actually. Okay, so maybe

something like this. Yeah, cool! Nice! I like it. Maybe you can move it up even though it doesn't

matter the player is still going to trigger that box. So, yeah, whenever we trigger that box we want

to try and collect the cups that we have in the plateau here. So, for that we will need a player

detector. So, let's open our scripts folder. Player, right click, create a new script, player detector

flower. All right, so let's attach our script to our player. There you go and open it. Boom!

Inside of this script we are going to remove the start and update method. I don't think we are

going to need them and add the onTriggerStay method. Inside of here we want to check if we

are triggering a spawner station. So, if other.tryGetComponent.outFoodSpawnerStation, let's call it

station. HandleFoodSpawnerStationTriggered. Again, you know me, I'm so bad at finding names but

so they are going to be quite long throughout this whole course. But yeah, I think that you

can do better than me. Okay, so whenever we are triggering a food spawner station we call

this method. Inside of here what do we want to do? Well, let me explain quickly. Our characters

right here, so we're gonna have a bunch of characters. So the player and the workers

mainly actually, will work on abilities. So we are gonna have multiple abilities for

each one of the players. Let's say the player can hold cups, so we will have a hold coffee or hold

food ability. He can hold dishes, hold dish ability. He can pay, so pay ability and so on. The workers

will be handled by AI, so they will have a navigation ability, for instance, to be able to

move them. The customers will also have a navigation ability but no

hold dishes ability, neither hold coffee or food ability, because the platform is going to handle

that. Okay, so yeah, this is what I wanted to explain really quickly. So let's create an ability

maybe in the abilities folder. So abilities, boom, right click, create a new script, hold food

ability. Once it's compiled we can select our player and give it that script. So now in our

player detector we can do something like get component hold food ability dot handle in food

spawner station and pass in the station. Okay, so the hold food ability is going to try and grab the

cups or the specific food that we want to grab and put it in the plateau. So we can press alt

enter and generate the method. Boom, thank you. Let's turn this one into a public method, remove this

and as I've just said that the hold food ability will be responsible for putting food in the plateau

we definitely need a reference to the plateau, of course. So components or elements, serialize field

private plateau, plateau. There you go. Inside of here what are we gonna check? We need to check

multiple things. I'm gonna give you like three seconds. One, two, three. So we first need to

check if the plateau is full or not. So if plateau dot is full we're gonna return. We can't put

anything else in the plateau. After that we know that we can grab that food. Of course there are

gonna be more checks later on because you know that there are dishes so we can't put food

if we have if we already have dishes in the plateau and so on. But for now let's keep it simple and we

can just expand later on. So at this point we need to grab the food from the station. So the spawnable

food food or let's say food to grab will be equals to station dot not push but pop. Okay, so we are

going to use the push and pop methods all along the course. We need to ask the food station to

pop or give us the upper food in the plateau or the top one. Okay, but there is one catch. Maybe

the station is empty. So if the food to grab equals null we are simply going to return. Okay,

it means that there is nothing to grab. Otherwise we can actually enable the plateau. So plateau

dot game object dot set active true. Okay, because if it's empty we actually want to hide it so it

might be hidden before grabbing this food. And after that plateau dot push food to grab.

We push the food that we've just extracted from the station. And we are going to have a timer but

for now let's just dismiss that timer. We just want to make this work first. So let's create the

pop method inside of the food spawner station. So public and remove this. This pop method is going

to be quite simple. You're going to start noticing a pattern here because we are kind of having a

top-down hierarchy. We've got the station that has a plateau. So when popping from the station we are

actually going to tell the plateau to pop. And the plateau again is going to tell the food position

to pop. The upper one. So it's going to make things so much easier to handle. So the spawnable

food that we want to return here is going to be plateau dot pop. And again we can check if

food equals null. We can just return null or we can actually return food. But otherwise

we want to return food. So now let's create the pop method inside of our plateau. So public

boom. Let's remove this. And inside of here we want to grab the last full position. So the upper one.

So food position. Let's call it food position. It's going to be let's say something like get last

full position. Okay. Like we've done previously for get first empty position and so on.

We can already create this boy. But then let's create the logic after. And then we can

implement that get last full position. If the food position equals null. What does that mean?

Why can it happen? It can happen if all of the positions are empty. Okay. This can be possible.

Maybe the plateau has no food. Normally we should have tried tried tried that. Yeah.

The right here actually. So we do not check for this. So if the food position is null. So it

means that the plateau is empty. The plateau of the station is empty. There is nothing to grab. So

let's return null. Otherwise it means that we've got a food position that has something. A food that

we can return. So because we're going to return that food we can already mark is full to false.

As false. Sorry. Because we're going to pop that food from the food position. So we are at least

going to have one empty food positions. Food position. Sorry. So after that we can simply

return food position dot pop. Okay. Pop. Pop culture. And again implement that one. Boom. Open it.

Public. Remove this. And because we know that there is something in here. Because we were able to

grab it from the plateau. Is empty is now going to be true. Okay. The plateau the food position

sorry is now empty. Spawnable food. Spawnable food. Let's say food to return is going to be

equals to food. So what is this food right here? Well it's the food that we've pushed earlier. So

we can store it somewhere around here. Maybe elements. Private. Spawnable food. Food. In here

we can say this dot food equals food instance. So now it is stored. Actually you can remove the

this keyword. When making the course I think I called this one food. And now it's food instance.

So food to return is going to be equals to food. And food is now equal to null then. Okay.

Is that good? Now the food is null. The food that we want to return. And after that we can return

the food to return. There you go. So now we should be good-ish. I think that the only thing we need

to do is getting the the first yeah the last full position right here in the plateau. So inside of

here again it's going to be quite simple. We're just going to loop through all of the food positions

parent dot child count. If the food positions parent dot get child dot index i dot try get

component out food position. Food position. Let's call this one food position. If we can't find

anything like that or that component we are going to continue. Otherwise if the food position that

we've grabbed is not empty. So if it's full. So if food position dot is empty or is not empty

we're going to return food position. Otherwise we can return null. It means that we have not found

any full position. Okay. So let's now jump back to Unity and hopefully it should be good. Please

if you've got some questions leave them in the comments section. I'm going to try and answer

ASAP. So the food ability hold food ability here sorry needs the plateau and while we are here we

are also going to reference the plateau in the player animator. That way we can actually see

the player holding the plateau and so on. It can be nice. So let's now hit play. Okay so we've got

the station spawning food. Let's try and see if we can grab that food. Yay! Awesome! And again

the plateau is full because it has the seven positions occupied. Oh by the way we've got an

error in here. We are going to tackle this right now. But let's try and select the plateau and

increase that to 10 maybe. Okay if I exit maybe come back. No it's now fixed. The max capacity

is fixed and we've got an error in here. So let's tackle this error. Why do we have this?

Let's see. Boom! Null referenced exception. So it means that our food position here is

null. We are trying to put to push. Okay plateau. So the plateau is full.

We are not able to find an instance here. I'm going to debug.log this right really quickly. So plateau

food position plus food position let's say dot name. No, no dot name. Let's see if we've got a

null value in here. So let's hit play. Okay so we've got cups. Boom! Okay we've got the error again.

Boom! Okay. Okay so we need to fix that error here. What did happen? Let's pause.

Okay food position and here. Okay let's not collapse. Here is the error. The food position is

null here. Okay but does it happen after the first cup has been grabbed? No I don't think so.

It happens after that. So let's see. Let's keep creating these. So the issue does not come from

the station. Okay if I come closer. Boom! Okay maybe we can check here. Okay plateau food position.

Okay seems like we don't have any food position in the player's plateau at start. But we do have

one here. Let's try that again. Yeah we do have one food position. Maybe it has not been initialized.

Yeah maybe we need to wait for that to be initialized. So the is empty here you know what

we're not going to put it at start or on start. We're going to put it in awake so that we make

sure that we call this before trying and grabbing a food position from the plateau. It's going to

make it easier. And again you could have used is full instead of is empty. Okay so now hopefully

we should not see that error. Okay so the station is creating cups. Boom! And yep of course this

was the error. Perfect! Nice! So I think we are good for this lesson. I want you to realize now

you've just created a station creating cups or any specific food. You've created a player

with a hold ability that can hold any food. Now the only step left is to drop the food

somewhere. This is already a huge achievement. Well done! I think we can applaud you. You can

applaud yourself