 This is the main scene of our game. So as I've told you in the introduction video we are

not going to start the game from scratch. We've already tackled the player controller in the hybrid

casual game, hybrid casual course I think if I remember well. We've tackled the cash and currency

manager in the kawaii survivor course so it would be a waste of time to try and do it again from

scratch. This is why I've provided everything in the starter pack. If you want to explore the

starter pack you can do so. But for now let's keep going. So in the environment or under the environment

game object you can see the Cinemachine cameras. The player follow camera will follow the player

but we don't have Cinemachine right now installed in our project. So we are going to do window,

package management, package manager, unity registry and search for Cinemachine. Let's install it.

Once it's done everything should be set up correctly. So we can right away hit play and we

are now able to move our character around. Awesome! So again the character, the joystick and the control

are all inside of my hybrid casual course if you want to give it a look. But again it's really

simple you can have a look at it right here. So gameplay, player and joystick player controller.

Let me actually open the script and show you what's inside. So first off the joystick player

controller inherits from the player controller class that we can open by clicking here. We've got

a player animator, a move speed, we do save the last position of the player. We can remove this and

add it later on but it's quite simple. The saving system used in here is Sigil. Again this

is a course that I've made where I teach you how to create your own versatile save system. And we've

got some really simple stuff like setting the move speed of the player depending on the

method we are using to move it and so on. The joystick player controller is again quite

simple. We've got a reference to the joystick, a reference to the character controller and we just

calculate the isometric move vector depending on the move vector of the joystick because our

joystick has a value along the x-axis and y-axis. We need to convert that into an isometric

kind of movement because our camera right here is tilted by 45 degrees around the x-axis and minus

45 around the y-axis. This is why we need this conversion right here. But that's quite simple.

So again you can experiment with this. Next we manage our animations like this. We've got a

plateau that we're actually going to add in this lesson normally and an animator. So if the magnitude

of the move vector is greater than zero we manage the walk animation. We basically have two walk

animations here. A simple walk animation and an animation with the player holding the plateau or

the serving tray. Same thing for the idle animations. We've got a simple idle animation and an idle

animation with the plateau. So you are gonna hear me say plateau a lot because serving tray is

plateau in French and I've used this term when making the game. So if we select our player right

here we can actually expand it, select the hyper casual character and select animation. So let me

just press F to focus it, switch to orthographic view and we can spot the four main animations

right here. So the idle animation like so. We've got an idle animation with the plateau.

A simple walk animation and walking with the plateau. Our sitting animation will be used for

our customers later on. It's a simple one. Of course I'm sure that you are going to use better animations

than I've used right here. So we've got our player set up. The first thing we are going to

add here is the coffee station. The station that is spawning coffee cups. But to be able to spawn

coffee cups of course we need those coffee cups. So let's first create our coffee cup.

We are going to go to tiny coffee shop, models, props and cup right here. Can I see it please?

Thank you. Another note that I want to add here is that all of the models that I use in this game,

I think almost all there, use the same material that is right here. It's the palette material.

So it's a basic material with one texture and then in blender or your 3d editor you can set up

the uvs to select the colors that you want. I might show that in a further lesson. Please if I forgot

to do that remind me. So models, props, cup. Boom! This is our first cup. Yay! We've got it. So let's assign

the material to that cup. So let's click on here, palettes. There you go. This is our first cup. Awesome.

After that we are going to reset the transform and create an empty parent. This is going to

be our actual cup. This is only going to be the renderer. Okay. So let's press f. Here it is next

to the feet of our player. Okay. So now we are going to create our first script that we are

going to attach to this cup. It's going to be super helpful because later on cups or spawnable foods

will become dirty after customers have consumed these spawnable foods. We will also need to know

how far the next element should be placed above the first one because we can have multiple elements.

I'm going to show you how to make it or create the game with coffee cups but later down the course I

might also add pizzas just to show you the variety of things you can make from this game. So let's

remove these and create our first script. On scripts, right click, create a new folder for our

gameplay elements. Okay. And we're going to call this one spawnable food. Okay. This is going to

be an abstract class that all of our spawnable foods will inherit from. So we can right away

create a coffee cup food. So boom coffee cup that will inherit from this spawnable food. Let's try

and make our architecture a bit clean from the beginning. So let's assign our coffee cup script

to our coffee cup. Perfect. Let's open it and inherit from this spawnable food class. For now

we can remove the start and update method from here and open our spawnable food class. This one

again needs to be abstract because we can't spawn a spawnable food. We need to spawn a specific class

that inherits from it. Coffee cups, pizzas, anything you want to add. So let's jump back to our spawnable

food and as you've seen in the intro video coffee cups or spawnable food in general will be stacked

on top of the other in all of the stations. The coffee station, the cashier station, on the player's

serving tray or plateau and so on. So we will definitely need to know how far away each coffee

cups should be. Okay so for that we're going to create a new serialized field. Actually let's do

something like settings serialized field private float clean y offset on plateau and we also want

to create a property for that field. So public loads. I'm just going to copy this boom and return

this value, the field value. Perfect. So you can already imagine that if we've got a clean y offset

for the plateau we are also going to have a dirty y offset when the cup is dirty or when the pizza

is dirty. We are going to change the mesh later on but for now let's keep it simple. Okay perfect.

So let's remove this start and update method and start spawning these cups. Now we have stuff to

spawn. So we can select our cup here duplicate it and move it up by a certain amount. Okay so how

far how far should it be sorry to stack properly somewhere around here dot 23 I would say dot 23

okay no that's too much so what we are going to do is dot 22 dot dot 22 eight okay dot 22 eight

okay yeah should be nice anyway you can edit this value so let's remove this one dot 22 eight

and let's save this as a prefab so we can create a new folder

gameplay grab the cup and drop it here boom okay so we've got our first prefab that is awesome

so now let's create our coffee station we are going to grab it from the models

cashier station and grab the first one but yeah of course it's dropping everything so we need to

unpack this boom grab the first one extract it from there and remove the other cashier stations

this is the model that we are going to use right here okay so we can rename this one renderer or

maybe station render station renderer something like that we will need to rotate it I think we

are going to move it around but let's first change the palette material there you go that's

way better I want to make it a bit smaller yeah should do the trick something like that is nice

okay so let's now create a parent for this station perfect so let's call it coffee station and now we

can call it coffee station because it's going to create coffee and we're going to place it

somewhere around minus two and a half I'm going to grab some values that I've used when creating

the course that way we can go faster and I'm not wasting your time so we can place it somewhere

around here let's press f there you go this is our coffee station to make things a bit prettier we can

add the coffee machine this one yep can be nice so let's add it right here we are going to rotate it

by 90 degrees move it up okay it's a bit too big in my opinion so we can scale it down um too small

definitely move it somewhere around here maybe scale it up okay we can place it somewhere around

here we are also going to use the palette material there you go and that's already way better to

prevent the player from colliding with this coffee station we are going to add a box collider right

here boom and the size is already yeah it's decent I like it perfect so let's now create

our cups we are going to create a new script for that so scripts um we can do something like

stations okay and right click create a new mono behavior and call it food spawner station again

I'm not calling this one coffee spawner station because I wanted to make I want to make it as

generic as possible again we're going to create pizzas and blah blah blah and so on perfect um

let's select the coffee station attach the script and open it perfect so the first thing we will

need here is the element the thing the food that we want to spawn of course so let's add a reference

to it elements serialize field private coffee cup nope because we want the food spawner station to

be able to spawn anything so spawnable food let's call it spawnable food perfect so now that we know

what we want to spawn we need to know where we want to spawn it so of course we are going to

spawn the coffee cups somewhere around here but not in a random way as I've told you we've got

the plateau this is going to be the core of our game everything is going to have a plateau the

coffee station will have a plateau the player will have a plateau the customers will have a plateau

to take the coffee cups or special food and go towards the table tables are also going to have

a plateau um cashier stations are going to have a plateau workers are going to have a

everything is a plateau any anyway I'm going crazy uh yeah so to sum up we need a plateau

or a serving tray if you don't like the term plateau but yeah I'm going to say plateau a lot

again so for that let's create our serving tray okay so let's create an empty no I'm going to

grab it from the models right away so props plateau yay here is our plateau so let's give

it the palette material too and move it somewhere around here ish yep this makes sense somewhere

around here is good noise noise let's now right click um create an empty parent not an empty

child let's call this one anim in case we want to animate the plateau we are not going to edit

the scale rotation and so on we're going to edit the anim's uh properties or transform okay this

will make it uh easier to handle let's again right click create an empty parent and call this one

plateau perfect so make sure that these are set at 0000 for the position and rotation uh yeah

nice so we've got our plateau now we need to know where to put our coffee cups or spawnable foods

so for that we're going to create a new child um for anim actually we can call this one renderer

yeah thank you then we are going to right click and create an empty game object let's call this

one positions okay this is going to be our food positions and after that we can create our first

food position so the food position that we can see right here is going to be a prefab and we are

going to attach a script why because this is going to make it so much easier to handle when adding

coffee cups to those food positions we will be able to ask every food position if it's empty

if it's dirty if it's full and so on moreover it's going to be a breeze to animate the cups or the

food that we are serving later on so let's create that right away along with the plateau script okay

so let's open our scripts folder gameplay right click create a new uh script food position

let's again right click create a new mono behavior script and call it plateau we can attach our

scripts so here is the first one and food position right here nice so now we can turn this plateau

into a prefab because as i've told you everybody is gonna have a plateau so prefabs gameplay plateau

ish plateau boom prefab nice we can then turn it into a child of our coffee station right here

and while we are here we can also specify oh come on let's lock this one um gameplay

cup because we want this station to spawn cups now the last thing we are going to do for this lesson

okay i don't want to be too uh i don't want to this lesson to be like half an hour so what we

can do is just add a reference to the plateau boom we can now jump back to unity reference the plateau

and bye bye okay so let's reference the plateau and we are good for this lesson in the next one

you can imagine that we are definitely going to spawn the coffee cups so see you there bye
