Welcome back guys in this lesson. We are going to chill out a bit and create the first table Okay

So let's jump right in

Let's right-click and create an empty game object. This is going to be our simple table set

Okay, let's reset the transform and see where it is. It's somewhere around here. So we are gonna

move it right there

Perfect so a simple table set will have three core elements

Let's say two chairs and one round table. So let's add these right away

We are going to grab our models round table. Here it is. Perfect

So it should be at 0 on the x-axis and 0 on the z-axis same thing for the y-axis actually

Okay, so it should be at the center. Perfect

For the round table

What should we do first? I think I'm gonna add the chairs and then we can set up the renderers and so on

So props do we have the chair in here? Where is my chair my chair?

I don't think I have it here. So chair

Okay lounge maybe. Oh

Where is the chair? And of course, I forgot to add it to the starter pack. That's right. That's fine

So we can do window package management package manager and I'm gonna try and make sure to add it

But if you want to grab it

I'm gonna search for it in my assets and I think it's in the furniture free from it happy

so I invite you to go check the

Page on the asset store. Here is the chair that we are gonna use. Okay, so the package is free

I invite you to support it happy for his work. Thanks. So let's now jump back to unity

Okay, and import this in the project. We need to upgrade the post processing package. No, I don't want to do so

So let's not select everything. We are just going to grab our kitchen chair

No, the lounge chair zero zero one this one, but of course you can grab more

Models if you want, let's also grab the material and the prefab maybe so lounge chair Okay

What else do we need the texture, of course, okay, let's import everything

Let's now close the package manager and we can grab our chair model from here

So prefabs lounge chair. Boom. There you go. Yeah, that's our chair

Okay, so I'm gonna put it at zero along the x-axis and for the z-axis

I'm gonna grab the value I've set up in the course. So minus dot

67 somewhere around here. Perfect for the other one

We are simply going to duplicate rotate by 180 degrees and move it on the other side

So like so remove the minus sign. Perfect

The next thing we are going to do is add the palette material to this to the table, thank you

That's way better. And I think we should be quite good for now nice

So just keeping in mind that adding this other chair is not relevant in our case

I've just added it but we're going to remove it because the chair is going to be a prefab

Okay. So the next thing we need here for our roundtable is a plateau

So we're gonna grab the plateau from our prefabs folder

Prefabs gameplay plateau. Boom. Let's put it at a child out of the roundtable

Reset the transform and maybe drop it somewhere around here. Yeah, perfect

All right. Nice. I like it

So, of course, you can already imagine that our simple table set will reference this plateau to grab

the cups from the customers

So when a customer comes and sits at a table

He's actually going to give his cups or food to the simple table set. Okay, but let's not think

about this logic right now

I just wanted to put that here

Okay, so our roundtable here should be quite set up

The only the next thing sorry that we are going to add because we don't want any

Customer to pass through the table or any worker to do so is a navmesh obstacle

I told you that we were going to do so because remember our navmesh has been baked here so we can't Use

Wait, let me just show you

If we select the navmesh surface and bake it again, boom now

These are obstacles

But later on our table set will be disabled and we are going to enable it when unlocking it, right?

So we should not bake it as is

So we are going to remove it and actually that's the same thing for these for the cashier station

and the coffee station

But yeah, we are going to tackle these later on. Don't worry

Let's bake that again. Okay. Thank you

Let's now enable our simple table set and what we are going to do is add a navmesh obstacle. Boom

Now what we can do is carve the navmesh

For this table and now our agents won't be able to go through the table

This is super important and super cool

Then you've got some more settings here that you can play with so the move threshold and the time to stationary

The move threshold is if the table moves by 0.1 or more than the 0.1

Unity is going to consider that it has moved and then try and recalculate its

Effect on the navmesh surface after it has been set as stationary

Okay, so here is what we can do. We can hit play and if I move it just here

It's not gonna have any effect on the oh

I've moved more than 0.1 here. You can see the values right here. But if we move more than

0.1 then it's going to consider that it has moved

But if we place it boom, we need half a second for it to affect the navmesh surface. Okay, perfect

So at this point it will affect the navmesh surface, which is cool for any navmesh agent

But remember our character is not a navmesh agent

So we can still go through this table. So we are also going to add a box collider. Boom

So, let's check if the box collider has the same

What we are gonna do is this yeah. Yeah, that's quite nice. I like it. Okay, cool

Let's do the same thing for our

Chairs so instead of having a mesh collider, I want to remove it and just add a box collider

It's simpler and actually works quite well

The same thing we are going to do is right-click and create an empty parent

Okay, and this is the parent that we are going to move at minus

.67 so let's reset this to 0 and put that value in here

This is going to be a chair and that right here is going to be the render. Okay the chair render

Next what we can do is add a navmesh obstacle. Boom and play with these values. So maybe half of it

Let's keep that to one move it up maybe Okay by .5

Boom. Yep, that's decent and here we can do .6 and .6 maybe a bit more

.7.7. Okay, so let's carve the navmesh and yep, that's way better in here

Okay. So what we are going to do right now is remove this chair and turn this one into a prefab. So

In the prefabs folder what we can do is create a new folder table stuff

Okay. So in here we are going to have the chair which is going to be a prefab

We can actually unpack the render in here. So let's unpack it by the way

Can we? No, we can't. Oh prefab. No, we need to open the chair. Yeah prefab first

So let's right-click prefab unpack. Nice. I

Think I should have

Yeah, unpacking completely is way better. Okay. Now what we can do is duplicate this chair and place

it on the other side So 180. Nice

Okay, I think that we are quite done in here

We might as well increase the capacity of the plateau here so that we can put more food in it

And then let's create the scripts that we are going to attach to these

So scripts right-click create a new folder table

Stuff okay, let's open it right-click create a new script simple table set or

Actually, I should have named that table set. I'm gonna rename that

Let's also right-click create another one for the chair. Thank you

Let's open this script ctrl R twice and rename it table set

Perfect. So now what we can do is select our simple table set here grab the table set script

Put it here or attach it to our table set and same thing for the chair

We are going to add the chair script and apply it to the prefab. Okay, boom

So now the other chair also has the chair script, okay, the final thing here will be to

Set this as a prefab or turn it into a prefab and we are now done

Perfect. So just to end this lesson

I'm going to grab this table set and move it somewhere around here so that it

Messes up with the customers and see what happens might be fun

Okay, so what will happen in this case, of course, we're not going to apply this logic in the real game, okay

Let's move the tables here. No. No, no, you're not going. No. No. No, I don't want customers. No Go leave

Nice everything is working nicely. Perfect

Why is this boy here watching in this direction? Oh

Come on, don't start don't start please

Let's play again and see if that issue

Occurs one more time. Okay, so let's select the table set move it out of the way

Just to make sure that we don't have that issue. So nice nice

Okay, cool, cool

Okay, everybody's good nice good boys, okay perfect

So in the next one, let's implement these scripts that we've just created here

The table set script and the chair script. Okay, we're gonna try and move some customers to these tables

We are also going to create the table manager, by the way

You know what? I'm gonna create it right now. So scripts managers create a new monobehavior table manager

Okay, let's create a new game object here

Table manager and attach the table manager. Perfect. This is all for this time

See you in the next one