0.67Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to handle the customers when they reach the target position right here.

Okay, so for that we are going to jump back to our table set script here.

In the handleCustomerReach chair is where we are going to put our logic.

So what should we do first?

Well, first off, I want to keep track of the customers this table set handles because later on we are going to

fire them if I can say so, tell them to leave the table when they've consumed their food.

So let's create a list for that.

Elements, maybe settings.

Yeah, so private list and of course we need to use system.collections.generic.

So customers equals new list of customers. Thank you.

And inside of here we can now say customers.addCustomer.

That's our first step.

Then we are going to tell the chair to handle the customer.

By the way, I still have an error here.

Oh, I forgot to add the parenthesis. Thank you.

So then I told you that we are going to tell the chair to handle that customer.

So pogChair.pushCustomer.

Let's now create this method here.

And handling the customer or pushing the customer to the chair doesn't mean trying to make him fall.

But the chair is going to tell the customer to disable the agent so that we can move the customer

outside of the NavMesh surface.

We've seen that we could not move a customer outside of a NavMesh surface if the agent was enabled.

So this is going to be the main job of the chair here.

And then it's going to put the customer or move it at the target position that we've specified earlier.

And after that, by the way, what we are also going to do is grab the cups from the customer.

So we are going to grab the cups first and remove them from the customer's plateau and drop them

inside of our own plateau right here.

The table sets plateau that we don't have.

So let's add that.

SerializeField private plateau plateau.

Okay, there you go.

And inside of here we can loop through all of the cups from the customer.

So customer.foodNeededCount, foodTakenCount.

Yep, that's better.

We are going to do spawnable food.

Food will be equals to customer.pop. There you go.

Or you can call this one popFood.

Okay, I'm just going to call it pop.

It makes sense for me, but feel free to rename it as you wish.

Then we can grab this food and drop it in our plateau.

So plateau.gameObject.setActive. True.

First, we can enable it in case it was not enabled before. Plateau.push.

Good, there you go.

Then we are going to handle a timer that we are going to use for the customers to consume

their food and then leave there and then fire them.

But yeah, let's implement that after we've set up the basic logic.

So let's create our customer.pop method. Public, boom.

And this one should be quite straightforward.

We are going to grab it from the plateau.

So food will be equals to plateau.pop. There you go.

And then we can check if we've got something in here.

So it's just a precaution, by the way, because we should have some caps.

The customer should not have an empty plateau.

So if the food equals null, we are simply going to return null.

And you can also display an error inside of here.

So if the plateau is empty, we want to hide it.

So plateau.gameObject.setActive.

False. Okay.

And finally, we can return our food. There you go.

So we should be good for the pop method.

And at this point, I think that the plateau of the table should grab the cups from both customers.

We can definitely try this out.

Okay, so let's jump back to Unity.

Let's select our table.

We are going to specify or reference our plateau, which is right here, and also save that for the prefab.

So let's apply all. Nice.

Now, what else do we need to do? Nothing else. Let's check.

Do we have something in the customer that we need to reference? Nope.

I think we are good to go.

So let's hit play. All right.

Let's grab some cups. Drop them here. Okay.

Let's grab more.

All right, all right, all right.

Let's serve the customers. Okay.

Oh, we've got something that we did not.

Oh, the push method has not been implemented. Come on. Come on.

I knew there was something wrong.

So public void push.

Let's not implement it right now because we just want to see the cups being moved to the

table's plateau. So let's exit.

By the way, I think I'm going to hide the plateau at start. Okay.

It might make more sense.

So let's select our plateau in here. Disable it. Thank you.

I think we are also going to apply the changes to the prefab. Hit play.

All right.

Let's grab some cups. There you go. Thank you. Boom.

Let's serve the customers. There you go.

The cups have successfully been moved to the plateaus, to the table's plateau actually. Nice.

This one is ready to leave.

What else do we have in here? Yep.

We just need to move the customers to the table now.

So let's do that in the next one. See you there.

Let's do that right now.

Let's not move to another lesson just for that. Okay.

So for that, we need to open our push method inside of the chair script.

And inside of here, what do we need to do?

Well, first off, let's store our customer in here.

So we can do something like settings right here.

Private customer.

Customer. Customer. Thank you.

So this.customer equals customer. Okay.

Now we've successfully stored the customer.

Is empty equals false. Yep.

We are occupied.

But I think that we've already called this somewhere around here. Yeah.

When accepting the customer here.

So no need to do that again.

We can remove it.

But if you want to keep it as a precaution, please feel free to do so. Then what else?

We are going to grab the customer and turn it as a child of the chair.

So customer.transform.setParentTransform.

That's the first step.

Then we are going to tell the customer to sit down.

So customer.sitDown.

We need to specify the target position.

So it's going to be our customer target point, if I remember well.

Customer.targetPoint.position.

And finally, the facing.

So the facing here will be the forward direction of the chair.

So transform.forward. There you go. Cool.

So we now need to implement this one. Boom. Sit down. Public.

Oh, why is it before the start method?

I think it's using the alphabetical order here.

So let's remove it from here.

And maybe what we can do is drop it after collecting the food. Yep. Okay, nice.

So I'm going to rename that target position. There you go.

And this one is going to be the facing. Thank you.

So what did we say earlier?

To move a customer to the target position or to a position outside of the NavMesh surface,

we are going to disable the navigation first.

So let's call disableNavigation. Okay. Boom. Boom.

This one is going to be quite simple.

We are simply going to call the navigationAbility.disable. Okay.

And inside of our navigation ability, we are going to handle that.

But let's keep that for after.

After disabling the navigation, we can safely move to the target position.

So transform.position will be equal to targetPosition.withY equals zero. Okay.

And finally, we can start the drinking state.

So startDrinkingState. There you go.

Let's create this method. Grab it.

Maybe drop it after the disableNavigation one.

And we now have two things to handle.

The disabling of the navigation ability or the navigation.

It's going to be something like agent.enabled equals false.

But let's do that after setting the startDrinkingState method.

So state in here will be state.drinking.

That's the first step.

Then we are going to disable the plateau.

Once again, just by precaution, even though it should already be disabled.

And then what we can do is animator.playSitDownAnimation and pass in our facing.

So if we want to pass in our facing, we need to grab it from there.

So facing in here.

And let's pass the facing right there. Perfect.

What do you prefer?

Starting with this one or this one?

I can't hear you.

So let's implement this one. Boom. Disable.

Public void disable.

As I've told you, disabling the navigation ability is quite straightforward.

Agent.enabled equals false. Nice.

Then let's implement this one. Boom.

Let's open our customer animator.

Public, of course. Facing.

So we are definitely going to call face the facing.

And before that, we need to do more stuff.

We don't want to manage or handle the animations.

So isSitting is now going to be true.

So isSitting equals true.

We can also play the animation.

So animator.playSit and finally apply the facing. Nice.

So now everything should be set up correctly.

I'm just going to check if we need to reference some stuff.

Make sure that the sit animation is attached to our customer.

So customer right here.

Here is the animator.

We've got the sit animation. Really cool.

One thing I want to do too is set up the obstacle avoidance.

Should we set it up now?

Yeah, let's do that actually.

So the height will be 1.7, 1.8, 2. OK.

And the radius, .5, .4, .3, 5. Yeah, .35.

Yeah, that's decent. Perfect.

So let's save that.

Jump back to our script.

We've got the table set up.

Customer is all good.

Round table, chair.

Everything should be good now.

So let's hit play and see how it goes.

All right, let's prepare the cups. Boom, boom. Thank you. Let's go.

OK, that's the first customer. Yay!

Customers are now sitting and drinking.

I don't know if we can call this drinking.

But yeah, they are cheering more than drinking.

Come on, I told you that the goal here was not to grab perfect animations.

I'm sure you can do that.

I just want to show you the systems, how it should work.

And they're also inside of the chairs.

But from the game's perspective, it's not that noticeable. So that's cool. That's fine.

OK, so that's our first step.

Next, so in the next one, we are going to consume these cups.

And tell the customers to leave immediately.

OK, see you in the next one.