Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to fix the issue that we found in the previous lesson

and we are also going to improve our visual thingies here, the visual elements. So mess up

the chairs, put the dirty meshes for the foods and so on. Okay? But the first thing I want to

do here is open the table manager and check if the table is dirty or not. So if tables at index i

is dirty we are going to continue. Okay? Perfect! Let's now jump back to our table set script

and fix the issue I told you about. So whenever we've got an incoming customer we need to keep

track of that. So private int incoming customers. Let's keep track of how many customers are

currently coming to the table and if we've got some incoming customers, so if incoming customers

is greater than zero, we are going to return. Why? Because we don't want to handle the timer.

So you could either add the check here or use it or do it like I've done right here. It's actually

the same logic. So so so fire customers. Let's do it in order. When accepting a customer right here

we are going to increment the incoming customers count. So incoming customers plus plus. There you

go. Now we have an incoming customer. We are not going to handle the timer so we should not

decrease it or decrement it. But whenever a customer has reached the target chair what we

can do is incoming incoming customer sorry minus minus and just as a precaution here again

incoming customers will be equal to mathf.maximum between zero and the incoming customers.

Okay so that our incoming customers doesn't become a negative. Perfect. So now let's try something.

I just want to make sure that we don't we won't have that issue. So what I'm going to do is

move the table somewhere further away. Yeah we can do something like that. If I move it

somewhere around here just for demonstration purposes I think it should be good. We are going

to allow the first customer to go to the towards the table and wait for it to sit down before

sending the next customer. Okay so boom thank you. I'm just going to fill this place a bit more

the plateau sorry. So let's send the first customer. Okay there you go. So he's going to sit

down. Let's now let's serve the second one. Okay and yep the thingy has been locked. But if you

want to make sure that the timer is not decreasing at all I have a better idea. What we can do is

switch to debug mode. So let's do the same thing. Let's fill the plateau of cups okay with cups

sorry boom okay bam. So let's serve the first one up. Let's hit pause. We are going to select our

table right here. So the table set. Let's switch to debug mode and have a look at the timer here.

So let's move so that we don't serve the second customer. Boom. So the timer is now two seconds

and a half. I think we have three cups here right. Let's check that. Yep there you go. Oh come on.

Let's press F again. Select a cup. I'm selecting the UI every time. So we have three cups. So three

seconds for the table. Now let's try and serve the second customer really quickly. Okay okay boom

yeah awesome. We've locked the timer and increased the timer again when the customer reached the

table. Perfect. This is exactly what we want to see. Nice. By the way we can also make sure that

the timer is doesn't never does never become negative negative but yeah I think you are

skilled to do that. Nice. So next let's mess up our tables. Whenever we fire a customer right here

we've got the loop for the chairs. So we are handling the fired customer and we are also

going to mess up the chair. So chairs at index i dot mess up. There you go. Mess up. That's better.

So let's open or create this method. Boom. Public void mess up. And to mess up the chair we are

simply going to apply a random rotation around the y-axis to the renderer of our chair.

So renderer dot local rotation will be equals to a quaternion dot Euler zero around the x-axis

something around the y-axis and zero around the z-axis. So that something can be anything you

want here. In my case I'm just going to do 60 times mathf dot sine random dot range and of

course random needs to be using random equals unity engine dot random. Thank you. While I'm

here I'm also going to reference the renderer. So serialize field private render renderer

and I'm going to use the new keyword to avoid having these white green sorry jiggly lines.

So or maybe I can actually do transform. Yeah.

Transform render. Okay. I still need to use the new keyword even though this is not a renderer.

So random dot range between minus one f and one f and I'm going to explain this line in one second.

Let's close this parenthesis close this one and zero. Perfect. So this random dot range we are

grabbing a value be a random value between minus one and one float. So this is included. After that

we grab the sign of this random value. So basically I just want a random minus one or one.

Okay. So this line is going to pick a random value either minus one or one not between minus

one and one. And that way we are going to rotate the renderer by 60 degrees either to the left or

to the right. Okay. Really simple. But it's just what I came up with here. If you want to come up

with something else make sure to do so. So yeah at this point we should be able to reference our

chairs. So prefabs prefabs gameplay no table stuff. Yeah. Simple table set. We've got the

chair right here. Sorry. So renderer. Perfect. Has it been added here. Yep. So we can now hit play.

Okay. Let's try. Oh we could have brought the table a bit closer by the way.

Yep. So let's exit this prefab scene. They are going to consume the cups and the next step will

be to hide these. Yeah. Perfect. So now the table is being messed up. Nice. Or actually yeah you know

what the next step will be to display the dirty meshes here. Because we've already marked the

plateau as dirty. So let's do that. Boom. Let's get the table a bit closer. Maybe somewhere around here.

Thank you. And now what we can do is open the plateau. Because in our table set script remember

we've already marked it as dirty right here. So marking the plateau as dirty.

What should we do in here? Well the plateau contains food positions. So we are going to tell

each food position to be marked as dirty. As simple as it gets. So for i from 0 to

positions parent. I think it's food positions parent dot child count. We're going to grab our food position.

Do we have a list of that? I don't think we do. So yeah that's okay.

We could have created a list. It would have been a bit cleaner maybe. So positions parent

dot get child at index i dot get component of type food position. Okay perfect. Then we can

check if the food position is empty or not. So if the food position is empty we can simply continue.

But if it's not empty what we want to do is display the food first. Because

we are going to hide them as they are being consumed. So let's just do food position dot

display food. Okay let's create this method. Thank you. And next we are going to mark it as

dirty. So food position dot mark as dirty. Boom. And finally what we are going to do is rearrange

the food positions. Do we have that? Yeah. Rearrange food positions. Why? Because we've

seen it earlier. This spawnable food script here has a clean y offset on plateau. But we now need

to implement a dirty y offset on plateau. Because our dirty mesh might be less high or less taller

than our clean food. So let's grab these two and drop them here. Perfect. I'm just going to change

that to dirty. Okay boom and boom. Thank you. So now our spawnable food has a clean y offset on the

plateau and a dirty y offset on the plateau. But we still need by the way to set up our dirty

mesh. We haven't added it yet. The mesh that we are going to use for the dirty food. So let's do

that right away. Maybe as an element here. So elements serialize field private mesh dirty mesh.

So it means that every spawnable food should have a dirty mesh. Let's jump back to our plateau script.

Okay so we are going to mark the food position as dirty. And finally rearrange our food positions.

But we need to pass in the food instance here. And the one we are going to use is our last food

maybe. Did we store it or not? The last food that has been pushed. We did not store it. So let's

store it. Private spawnable food last food pushed. Every time we push a food. So

yeah somewhere around here. Last food pushed will be equal to the food instance. Okay.

That way we can grab its y value. So in here last food pushed. Nice. And now finally remember

earlier when we implemented the method we've used the clean y offset on the plateau. But now we need

to check if the food is dirty or not. Because if it is dirty we need to use the dirty y offset on

the plateau. So for that let's ask our thingy. So food instance dot is dirty. If it is sorry

question mark yeah. If it is dirty we are going to use the food instance dot

dirty y offset on plateau. Otherwise we are going to use the clean y offset on plateau.

So now we need to implement that. Additionally what you could have done is plateau. Do we have

a is dirty in the plateau or not? Yeah we can check if the plateau is dirty if we mark it as

dirty right here. That's one scenario we could do. But I'm going to stick to what I've done when

making the course. But keep in mind that you can do that. When marking the plateau as dirty here

you can set a boolean to is dirty. So is dirty equals true. And then use it in here instead of

food instance dot is dirty. Okay. So let's implement this property. Is dirty is going to

return is dirty as usual and private bool is dirty. Thank you. So of course you can already imagine

that we are going to need a method to set this to true. So public void mark as dirty and this is

just going to set is dirty to true. But what we also want to do is change our renderer here.

So serialize field private mesh filter. Let's call it filter and we can do filter dot mesh

equals dirty mesh. Perfect. So now we have a way to mark our food as dirty. So to recap or to sum

up when firing our customers we mark the plateau as dirty here. So inside of here we display the

food if it has been hidden. By the way I'm just going to turn this into public and remove the

exceptions. Okay so public and remove the exception. Thank you. So again we display the food and we mark

the food position as dirty. What does that mean? We haven't implemented that yet. So let's implement

that one. The food position if it contains any food should mark the food as dirty so that we can

change the mesh. So what we are going to do here is food dot mark as dirty. Okay so it's super cool

that we've implemented that just before this one. Got it? So at this point I think that we should

be good and we should see the dirty mesh of the coffee cups after referencing them of course.

So let's select our cup. I think it's in gameplay. Cup. There you go. We need to reference the filter

and the dirty mesh. So here is our filter and the dirty mesh will be coffee cup. No cup. Dirty maybe?

Yep this one. What about the y offset? It should be so much less than the previous one. We're

going to duplicate this one. Cup cup cup cup. Now dirty cup. Here it is. Okay let's duplicate it again.

Maybe 0.1, 0.01, 0.02, 0.03. Yeah 0.025 seems correct. So let's grab it or set it here

and we can remove our two boys. Nice! So we've done it for the cups but if you're using the pizza

please consider doing it. Okay the chairs everything should be cool now. Let's hit play.

All right let's serve our customers. Boom! I was drinking myself so I forgot to prepare the cups.

Sorry! Boom! Okay so let's move them to the tables. By the way I'm also going to hide the nav mesh

for the moment. Okay perfect. The meshes have been changed here as you can see. That is awesome.

So 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. This one is a tiny bit inside of the plateau so maybe we can move it up if we want to

but the foot position should be at zero. It should be placed correctly so we should have it somewhere

around here. I think that my mesh is not as good as I thought here. Yeah it should be moved up.

Anyway what's cool is that it's working so this is just a simple Y offset issue that we can fix.

Okay so the next step is going to be to hide the cups as they are being consumed by the customers.

Let's do that in the next one. See you there!