Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to go one step further regarding our tables

and hide the food as it is being consumed. Okay? So let's open our table set script.

Inside of here, we are going to have another timer. Why a timer? Because if you remember well,

whenever we grab a food, we increment our timer by constants.timeToConsumeFood. Okay?

So what we are going to do is have another timer that is going to check every time we pass this

value and hide a cup in our case here or any kind of food. Okay? So for that, let's create

some other values here. So I'm just going to call this one foodTimer and the other value we are

going to need is an integer for the food consumed. Okay? Just to keep track of how many cups we have

hidden. Then inside of our customers.count condition here, we are going to handle the food

timer. There you go. Let's create this method. Perfect. Let's remove the exception. And inside

of here, we are simply going to increment our food timer for now. So plus equals time.deltaTime.

There you go. Then what do we want to check? We want to check each time our food timer is greater

than our constants. So constants.timeToConsumeFood. But if the food timer is greater than this one,

than this value, we need to hide a food. But we also need to check for the double value of this

one. So now it needs to be greater than two times this. After that, three times this. And so on.

As many times as we have cups available. Okay? So this is where our food consumed value comes

in handy here. So every time our food timer is greater than the food consumed...

By the way, it's not a timer yet. The food consumed integer. Plus one in here. Because

if we start at zero, it's going to be zero. So it's going to hide the first food even

before we've consumed it. And that's not what we want. We can hide the next food.

There you go. By the way, I'm just going to grab the timer here, maybe. Drop it here. Okay. And

maybe the fireCustomers method too. Because it's quite linked to the handleTimer method. Okay.

Perfect. So now let's implement this method here. There you go. What are we going to do

when hiding the next food? Well, if we want to hide the next one, we need to increment this

foodConsumed counter here. So foodConsumed++. Then we simply need to tell the plateau to hide

the next food. Okay? So we are going to implement this one in one moment. But the thing I want to

do first is reset these whenever we fire the customers or whenever we accept the first customer.

Okay? So in our case, I'm just going to reset them when firing the customers. So let's do

foodTimer equals zero and foodConsumed equals zero. Perfect. So now let's implement our

hideFood method. So let's Alt-Enter, generate the method. Boom. Public. And remove the exception.

There you go. So how are we going to hide the food? Please think about it. We need to hide it

not from the bottom up, but from the top down. So we'll need to have an inverted loop like we've

used... I don't remember... Oh, right here. Okay? So let's copy this. Boom. Let's add the curly

brackets. There you go. And here is what we are going to do here. We are going to grab the food

position component as usual. So let's grab this. Boom. Okay. Now that we've got this, we want to

check if the position is empty or not. So again, we are going to have a bunch of conditions. So if

the food position is empty, we are just going to continue. Nothing in there. If the foodPositions.

isFoodVisible. So if the food is visible, or should I say if it's not visible, it means that

it has already been hidden. So again, we are going to continue. And finally, we can hide the food.

So foodPosition.hideFood. And after that, don't forget to break, because we don't want to go on

and hide any other food possible. So we just want to hide one at a time. So let's create this method

and create this property here. So let's first implement this property. How can we know if a

food is visible or not? Well, first off, we need to have a food. So we need to make sure that food

is different than null. And we need to make sure that the food is visible. And the food is going

to be responsible for itself, hiding the renderers and so on. So food.isVisible.

isVisible. Like that. Perfect.

What we can do, should we start with this one or with the hideFood one? I think I'm

going to keep that as an error, just so that I don't forget about it. And start with the

hideFood method here. This one is going to be quite simple, actually. So food.hide.

Really cool. Why does it... what? For hide. Okay, that's okay, that's all right, we're gonna add it.

And by the way, we can also add the displayFood, food.display, because the food again is going to

be responsible for itself. So one thing I don't know here is why is this one an error and now

this one error? Is it because this one is not visible? Yeah, I think that's the case. We should

have the hide. No, we don't have the hide method. So yeah, public void display. And again, I'm too

used to that. Come on. Control Z, boom. And public void hide. There you go. Is that better now?

Yep, it's perfect. And we are also going to add the isVisible property, by the way. Boom.

Okay, so in here, really simple to display and hide the spawnable food. We are simply going to

display and hide the renderer. So for that, what we can do is either hide the filter, it should have a

mesh renderer attached to it, or you can add a reference to the renderer. I think I'm just going

to use the filter here. So filter.getComponentOfType.meshRenderer, or maybe simply renderer,

actually. Yeah, renderer.enabled equals false. And I can grab this line. Boom. Control C, control V,

and true. Again, you can decide to use or reference the renderer here if you don't

want to use getComponent every time. In this case, it should be quite simple because the

game object doesn't have a bunch of components, so it should be fast enough for our game.

Okay, so isVisible, we should simply return a filter.getComponentOfType.renderer.enabled.

But now that I'm thinking about it, I don't like this syntax. So you don't even know what.

You know what? Hey, there you go. Perfect. So let's now jump back to Unity and reference this

renderer. All right, let's open our Prefabs folder, Gameplay, Cup, and specify the renderer,

which is right here. Perfect. So now we can just jump back to Unity, hit play, and we are going to

have a bug. Come on. Otherwise, it would not be fun. Anyway, so here's what we're going to do.

Again, grab cups, drop them here. I'm just going to zoom out a bit here on the scene so that we can

spot the issue really well. Yeah, this view should be nice. So let's grab more cups. Okay, so first,

I'm going to try and show you the bugless version. So boom, boom, boom. He's going to the table.

There you go. The cups are being consumed. Everything is going all right. Let's go, let's go,

let's go. Boom. Perfect. So at this point, it's really cool. Oh, I still can't grab the cups,

the dirty cups. Fine. Let's now try and make it buggy because there is something we need to take

into account or consideration. Imagine this case again. The first customer comes to this chair,

and he puts three cups in here. So he's going to start consuming one, two, and we've got one

more cup left. Then we send the second customer. We've got one cup in here. So it means that we

have two cups that are hidden, but the food positions are still there, right? We still have

two food positions. So what is going to happen is that the second customer is going to drop

his cups on top of the hidden positions, which is quite bad because we are going to have

floating cups or floating pizzas. Is that what you want? Well, if that's the case, just skip to

the next video. But if that's not the case, we are going to fix that right now. Okay, so let me just

display what's going to happen. He only has one cup. So what I'm going to do

is grab our customer, not customer manager, but the station. Where is the station?

Stations, cashier station, and please let's do four cups. Every customer is going to need

four cups so that we can spot that error in the best way possible.

Okay, so I'm going to think about how I'm going to do that now. How many cups do I have here?

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. So I need at least eight so that I can send the first one.

Okay, so one, two, three, four. There you go. Two, three. Okay, let's wait for it a little bit.

There you go. Nice! That's exactly what I wanted to display. So as you can see here, we've got one,

two, three empty positions. We can actually duplicate the renderer. One, two, and three.

We've got three hidden food positions. So the other cups are put above and that's bad.

So let's fix that and we can call it a day. Do you have an idea on what we need to do

to fix that issue or not? It can be a nice exercise. Please try and think just a tiny bit.

Even if it takes like 15 minutes, 20 minutes, try and do this exercise on your own. Thank you.

So here is the solution. We are going to update our rearrange food positions because this is where

we put the food positions at their correct position. We need to keep track of how many

food are hidden. So let's have an integer here. So hidden food count and initialize it at zero.

Then in our loop in here, what we are going to do is check if the food position is hidden or not.

So let's do if foodPositionParent.getChild

at index i.getComponentOfType foodPosition.isFoodVisible, but we want to check if the

food is not visible, exclamation mark. We are going to increment that hidden food count. Boom.

What we could have done too is maybe increment the counter in the hideFood method. This would be

another possibility here. You can increment the counter in here and then reset it when we

pop everything. Maybe when we pop everything you can reset that.

Or you would have to check if that's the first element we add or the first food we add to the

plateau. Anyway, here is what I came up with. So hidden food count inside of here. Then we are

going to use that value inside of here to set up the local position of our food position.

So instead of using the index i, we are going to use i minus hidden food count. So if we've got

two hidden food, let's say, we are going to put the new or rearrange the food positions,

taking that into account. So two steps lower. I hope this makes sense. If it doesn't, please leave

a comment in the comment section and I'm going to try and explain in another way. So let's now

hit play and see how it goes. We're going to try and apply the same logic here or have the same

case. So let's fill this plateau. Boom. Okay. Again, one more time. So one, two, three, four,

one, two, three, up. No, no, no. Come on. Okay. I'm going to try again. Or maybe I can time lapse this.

There you go. Perfect. Everything is now working perfectly. Nice. As you've seen, the cups are now

put at the correct position. Awesome. Nice. So I think that we are now good for this step. And the

next thing to do here will be to clean the table. So we will need to add the trash and add another

ability to the player so that he can collect dishes and we are good to go. See you in the next one.