Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to fix the error we had in the previous one,

hopefully. So the error was that we've got seven positions in our player's plateau, right here,

where is the plateau, plateau, Mr. Plateau, thank you, seven positions. But if we have more than

seven dishes to collect, we are going to get an error due to a missing food position. So for that,

let's open our plateau script. Inside of here, we are going to check something else.

If we are dirty, we need to go wash ourselves. No, if the plateau is dirty and is full,

then we are going to create a new food position in this case. So create,

new food position. This is going to fix the dishes error. But what will happen in this case?

Well, we now have eight positions in our plateau, so we are going to be able to push a new food,

even though we should not be able to. Let's give that a shot, just so that we can see it correctly,

spot the issue correctly actually. So let's hit play. Okay, let's collect eight cups in here,

seven actually, we can only grab seven right now. Let's just make sure again, so that we can

see all of the errors. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Okay, perfect. Let's drop eight cups,

because we need eight cups. Okay, boom, boom, thank you. Hurry up, please customers, hurry up, hurry up,

hurry up, hurry up. Boom, boom, boom, okay. So now they're almost done. We can go to the table,

grab the dishes. Okay, so no more error. That's one thing. How many dishes do we have here? One,

two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Perfect. So now, what am I going to do? I just want to display

that. So now the plateau is dirty. We need to empty it here. Can we put the vase right here?

Just for now, just for now. It's okay, it's okay. Now let's try and grab some clean cups.

So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven. How many? One, two, three, four, five, six, seven,

eight. So now the player

is able to collect eight clean cups, even though the plateau has a max capacity of seven, which is

really bad. We don't want that to happen. So you have multiple possibilities here. Maybe we can have

another plateau for the dirty cups. Yeah, that could be a possibility. You can have two plateaus,

one referenced on the hold food ability, and one for the hold dish ability. And each one of these

plateaus can have different capacities. That's, yeah, I did not think about that, actually, when making

the course. But yeah, you can try and do that. That could be a nice exercise again. Oh, I'm coming up

with ideas. Okay, so in our case, I'm going to follow what I've done when making the course,

which is using one plateau, using the same one. So we will need more conditions, yeah.

If you want to take the easy route, I think it would be better to have another plateau, to be

honest. And maybe I might create another lesson in the future to show you how to apply that. Please,

if I forget, remind me, because I'm going to try and finish that course before adding this lesson.

Anyway, here is what I've done in here. After pushing a food, so if we now have the case where

we have eight food positions, but the max capacity is at seven, so we should be able to only grab

seven clean cups. We are going to check, after putting the seventh cup, we are going to check

how many occupied positions we have. So int occupiedPositions equals zero. OccupiedPositions,

there you go. And we want to check how many positions we've got that are full. So for i

from zero to the foodPositionsParent.childCount,

childCount, there you go. We are going to grab the foodPosition, so foodPosition,

foodPositions will be equal to foodPositionsParent.getChild.index i.getComponent

of type foodPosition, there you go. But we've got an error because we've already grabbed that

foodPosition here, so let's call it fp. So now we've got our foodPosition. Is it empty or not?

If the foodPosition.isEmpty, if it's not empty, we are going to increment our occupiedPositions

so that we know how many cups we are holding right now. If the occupiedPositions is greater

or equal to our maxCapacity, then the plateau is full, right? So isFull equals true. And then

we are going to break because we don't need to go for any further. We know that we should be full

and we should not accept any more clean cups. So here is what we're going to do, boom, and break.

All right, let's give that a shot now. So let's jump back to Unity. Okay, so let's collect some

cups. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Un, deux, trois, quatre, six, sept. Donc là, on a sept

tasses de café. Okay. Est-ce que vous voulez que je continue en français ou je repasse en anglais?

Non, allez, let's continue in English. Come on. So we've now served... Oh, come on, you see when I

talk too much? Okay, let's try again. Let's grab the cups again. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven.

Okay, boom, boom, boom. Now we can serve the customers. Okay, I'm going to zoom out a bit more.

Thank you. Okay. Okay, there you go. So now let's collect these dishes. No errors. So we should have

eight dishes. We can count them. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Perfect. Let's drop

them here. Thank you. Now let's collect cups. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Awesome. It's now

working as expected. Really nice. We've got a special tower. Yay! So of course we need to prevent

the player from putting dishes on the plateau here. You know what? We're going to do that right now.

So let's open our... I think we should open the hold food ability. Let's do the

path one more time. So when we are triggering a drop zone in here, we handle in food drop zone.

Then we call the food ability handle in drop zone. If we are in the drop zone, we check if the

plateau is enabled. Yeah, I think we are going to drop the logic right here. So if the plateau is

dirty, we should not go any further. So if plateau.isDirty, let's just return and not continue.

Okay. Yeah, I think this should do the trick here. Let's give that a shot. Okay, so let's hit play.

I'm going to time-lapse this because you know the song now. Okay.

Okay, so we've now collected dishes. Can we drop them here? Nope, we can't. Awesome. So it's now

working perfectly. So the next step here will be to add the bin so that we can drop these dishes

and collect new cups, of course. Nice. Awesome. So in the next one, let's implement the bin. See you there.