Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to add the trash or the bin so that we can clean

our plateau after collecting dishes. It's going to be a quick lesson, really fast, so stick around

and put on your belts. Okay, so first off let's add our trash. Props, bin, there you go, here it

is on top of the wall. I don't know why it's there. So let's put it at zero, let's press F,

focus it, thank you. Let's add the palette material, boom, come on, hurry up, I need to

take my daughters to school, I've got 10 minutes for this lesson. So we've got the render, right

click, create an empty parent, this is going to be our trash. Let's unpack the prefab here,

thank you. Let's grab it and maybe drop it somewhere around there, along with the wall

here. We are also going to rotate it, so maybe 90 degrees, thank you. You can either rotate this or

the renderer, you decide. I think I'm going to rotate the renderer here, yeah, nice. So then we

are going to add a box collider so that we can trigger this trash and we are also going to add

a box collider to the bin to prevent the player from entering the trash, because come on, yeah,

we are better than that. Let's increase the size here to two by two maybe, something like that

should be decent. And we also need to set it as a trigger, boom, there you go, nice, I like it.

You can maybe make it higher if you want, it's not compulsory. Okay, so we now have our trigger, so

let's add a logic to that trash. So UI, maybe gameplay, right click, new script, trash, boom.

And the logic is going to be put inside of the trash here, no pun intended, I'm not going to

put it inside of the player detector, but you could have done that, okay. So let's open our brand new

script in here. The first thing we are going to do here is remove the start and update method, because

the logic is going to be applied after we enter the trigger, so on trigger enter. We want to check

if the thing that has entered this trigger has a Dish ability, so if other.tryGetComponent out

Dish ability, let's say hold Dish ability. If we don't find this component, we are simply going

to return, doesn't make sense to continue. Other than that, we want to check if the hold Dish

ability has Dishes, so do we have Dishes in our plateau or not. So if the hold Dish ability.hasDishes

let's say, not cups, boom, we are going to return, because we don't have any Dish.

Let's, should we go on and implement this one? I think we're going to implement the hasDishes

one, because it should be quite straightforward. So let's remove this, public, there you go, let's

put it maybe after collecting the Dishes here. So after collecting the Dishes, we enable the plateau

and we push some dirty food. So to know if we've got Dishes, we are simply going to check or return

the plateau is not empty and the plateau is dirty, okay? Both of these conditions, if both of these

conditions are met, we can also check if the plateau is enabled, by the way. I think, should we,

are we doing that somewhere? We are not, but you can check that. If the plateau is disabled, well,

we have no Dishes, but there are so many ways you can implement that. So now we can jump back to our

trigger right here, to the Trash script and go on. So now that we know that we've got Dishes,

we want to collect them. So SpawnableFood Dishes will be equal to holdDishAbility.popAll.

Okay, and again, this popAll method, we've already implemented it in another script. I think it was

in the plateau. So maybe, can we do plateau.popAll? Oh, I think we can do that. We are so good.

So we should return this, return plateau.popAll. But hey, is that everything we need to do?

When popping everything, we are never disabling the plateau. So at one point,

the plateau is still going to be active. So here's what we're going to do. SpawnableFood

Dishes is going to be equal to plateau.popAll. Now that we have stored them, we can disable

the plateau. So plateau.gameObject.setActiveFalse. Ah, there you go, false, thank you. And yeah,

we can simply return our dishes. So dishes with a space, and of course, I've messed up everything,

as usual. Thank you, TabSeal, semicolon, and boom, there you go. Let's remove the update

and start method for now. I don't think we need them. Okay, so now let's return to our Trash here.

We've got our dishes. So the only thing left here is to animate the dishes, but we are going to do

that later on. I don't want to do that right here. But yeah, just destroy the dishes one by one. So

for i, but yeah, we need an inverted loop. So for, with two Rs, dishes.length minus one until it's

greater or equal to zero, minus minus, perfect. We can just destroy it. So dishes at index i,

yeah, boom, destroy. Let's do something like this. Destroy dishes at index i.gameObject,

because if we don't add .gameObject, we are going to destroy the spawnable food component

and not the game object. Perfect. I think we should be good now. So should we give that a shot? Let's try that.

Okay, Trash, we don't need to reference anything else. Yep, I think we are good to go. Okay,

so as usual, let's collect cups. Yeah, I think again, I'm going to time lapse this.

But what I want to do is also grab some clean cups and see if we can destroy them.

Okay, so we can't destroy them. Okay, later on, we are going to add this possibility,

the possibility to throw some clean cups too, because I don't know, maybe we might just pass

by the station, we don't want to collect cups. Oh no, oh, let's drop them here,

because we want to collect dishes. You still have the possibility to drop them here in the drop zone,

but yeah. Okay, so I'm grabbing these, let's drop them in the bin. Boom, yay, awesome. So now we

should be able to collect clean cups again and drop them here. Perfect. And we've got the call

loop working. We can now serve the customers again. They are eating or drinking, I don't know what the

heck they are doing in there, but they are performing, let's say. So yep, we've got everything

working perfectly. We can clean the dishes, we can serve them again. Like if we add more tables,

oh, the tables are stored at start, so we can't add them right now. But anyway,

we can add more tables now. That's perfect. Okay, so now that the player can do all of these things,

we need to get some rest, by the way. We definitely need some rest. So we are going

to hire some workers in the next section. We are going to implement workers. See you there.