Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to start working on the workers.

Let's jump right in! Okay so this lesson is going to be a bit chill. The first thing we are going

to do is create the worker that the model actually the character and after that I'm

going to explain the whole principle behind the worker manager and how we are going to handle

them. I'm also going to use a YouTube video I made as a support so yeah I hope that you will

enjoy this one. All right so let's create our guy. Prefabs, characters, I'm going to duplicate

the customer because it already has the navmesh agent and the navigation ability. You might know

that our workers we will use these. So worker. Boom! Let's open it. We're going to change the

color of the worker here. We can remove the customer script by the way. Let's keep the

customer animator script because we're kind of going to have the same animations so we can keep

that one. What else? We can add the worker script by the way but let's first change the material.

Customer, let's use another one for worker. There you go. Let's assign it and change the color to

something blue-ish maybe like the character yeah something like that. Anyway it's not super

important. So then what I want to do is enable the apron that I don't have here. Do I have the cap

here or not? Nope. So I need to grab the apron from the models here. So yeah I think it's somewhere

around here. Models, where is my guy here? So we've got the cap. We can already grab the cap here and

put it as a child of the head. So we can just expand everything in here and drop it as a child

of the head and right here. Cool. Let's reset the transform. Where is it? Boom. What the heck?

Why is it so high? Anyway I think I need to put it as a child of... let's first switch that one to pivot.

Let's press F on this one. Yep, still too far. Maybe this one? Okay let's put it as a child of the

head. Okay not the end here. So we've got our cap. Let's reset the transform. Thank you. We are going

to move it up maybe rotate it a bit. No the rotation seems correct. So let's move it just a tiny bit

more. Okay we can play with the scale too if we want. So something like that is decent. Okay so

let's now give this a material. Boom. I think that the palette material should do the trick. Nice.

Well done. Okay so at this point we are going to add the apron that we can find. Let me just

check this one. Boom. Oh it's in animations. Oh got it. So where is our apron here?

Robe. I called it robe. Okay that's cool. So in here we've got two solutions. We can either grab

this, drop it here, reset the transform, remove the hair and change the color of that boy.

Yeah we can change its color. That way we already have the apron. We can just add

the hat. Okay I think we are going to do something like that. So apron. Okay let's just assign our

player animator. Thank you. We are also going to select this boy because we want to grab the

same material. So worker. Let's assign it to this boy. We are going to grab the palette material

and assign it to the apron and this cap right here will be moved as a child of the armature now but

we are going to drop it as a child of the head. So we can now remove this one. Okay that's the

previous one. Let's keep this one. Reset the transform. Reference it right here. So animator

and plateau. Oh I've removed the plateau. Oh sorry. Let's hit ctrl z a bunch of time. Here

is the plateau. Let's put it as a child of our new character and we can now remove this boy.

Let's rename it. Reset the transform. Thank you. Let's reference the plateau and the animator.

Cool. So now we just need to place our cap. Where is the head? Spine. Spine. Neck. Head.

So boom. So let's select the cap and reset the transform. Move it up and we should be set.

Awesome. So this is our worker. That's cool. We are now going to add the worker script. Okay we are

not going to implement anything right now but I just want to have it. So let's drop it in

gameplay maybe. Customer. Or maybe worker stuff. So let's create a new folder. Boom. Worker.

Right click. Create a new script. Worker. We can now assign this script to the worker. There you go.

Let's put it as the first script at the top. Nice. And the next thing that we are going to do now is

create our worker manager. But first off you know what? We are going to grab our worker here and

drop it in the scene. Let's reset its transform and move it along the z-axis. Maybe somewhere

around here. Perfect. So now managers. Let's right click. Create a new game object. Worker. Manager.

Okay. We can create the script. Boom. Managers. Or maybe we can drop it with the worker. Yeah.

You decide here. I told you it's going to be a chill lesson. So worker. Manager. But we need to go

through these steps. Let's now grab the script. Attach it. And open it. Boom. I'm not going to code

that much in this lesson. I told you it was going to be chill. But I just want to explain how it's

going to work. How the worker manager is going to handle the workers. So I have just said it. The

worker manager is going to handle workers. So we need a list of workers in here. So private. Maybe

elements by the way. So elements. Private. List. Oh come on. I always need to add the collections.generic.

So worker. Workers equals new list of worker in here. Okay. What we can do for now. Later on we

are not. But we can serialize the field. So we can spot it in the inspector. Later on we are not going

to do so. But for now we are just going to try and make one worker work. So we are going to reference

it instead of instantiating it. So now that we've got our list of workers. Here is what we're

going to do. On each frame we are going to handle the requests. So all of the other stations are

going to emit requests. Don't worry. I'm going to put the YouTube video just after explaining.

Then you can watch it and have a better understanding. So let's do handle requests.

There you go. So just with comments we are going to explain what's going to happen in here.

First off we are going to check if we've got pending requests. So do we have

pending requests. If that's the case we are going to check if we've got idle workers.

So workers that are not doing anything right now. Do we have idle workers?

Again if that's the case later on we will have more to it. But for now we are just going to

assign the pending request to the idle worker. So assign the pending request to the idle worker.

And we can also remove this request from the pending requests. Because it's going to be

handled by the worker. That's as simple as it gets. So it should be quite straightforward.

Now I'm going to put the YouTube video that you can watch to have a better understanding

on how we are going to proceed. And in the next lesson we can create our first request.

See you in the next one. Have a good watch. In this video I'm going to show you how I handle

workers in my tiny coffee shop template. Let's jump right in. Let's forget about coding for a

moment and think about it from a logical standpoint. Imagine you are a food serving station.

You've got customers coming in but nothing to serve. What should you do? Wait for the first

customer to come to ask for coffee cups? Ask them right away? Well it's a good thing to have stuff

to sell before any customer has arrived. So that they wait for the less amount of time. So as a

food serving station you ask for coffee cups right away. Remember you are a serving station.

You don't have legs. So somebody needs to bring those cups over to you. Do you want to deal with

the workers by yourself? No. I've never seen any food serving station do that. So you ask the worker

manager. He's more skilled for that job. Here is our first step. The food serving station emits a

request to the worker manager to get cups. Okay now you're no longer a food serving station. You're

a manager with a bunch of workers under your wing. How are you going to handle that request?

Are you going to randomly pick a worker or should you have some kind of logic in your nitpicking?

Well if I were you here is what I would do. I would check if I have any worker that's sleeping

to wake him up. I'm not paying them to take naps in my restaurant. And if I find one I would tell

him to fulfill that request. Oh but I forgot my workers are not the smartest. So they don't

understand the food serving station wants cups. I need to explicitly tell them hey you there stop

wandering go to the coffee station and fill your tray with cups. Once it's done go to the food

serving station and empty your tray there. That's not a request anymore. It's a task. That's our

second step. The worker manager converts requests into actual tasks given directly to the workers.

This happens if we can find an idle worker. But what if we can't? Priorities. Let's give each one

of our requests a priority. If no worker is currently available we can compare the priority

of his current task to the priority of one of the pending tasks. If he's accomplishing a higher

priority task well let him complete it. Otherwise should we tell him to stop come over and assign

him this new task? If only it was that simple. Imagine this. You are working at a restaurant

serving people. You've got your serving tray full of various dishes on your way to place it on the

client's table. Will your manager tell you to stop right now and go clean table 9? Are you going to

throw that serving tray? Nope. You first need to place that food on the table and only then you'll

be able to go clean table 9. So some tasks cannot be stopped at any time. They must be completed.

So the worker manager also needs to take that into account. Okay let's recap our situation here.

The food serving station emits a request to the worker manager with a priority. The worker manager

looks for idle workers and if he finds one he creates a task then give it to that worker.

There's one last small bit of information we need to make the system more efficient. Cost. In our

case distance. If we have more than one idle worker available for a specific request how are we going

to choose the right worker? Randomly? Certainly not. In this template I've decided to go with

distance. The closest worker will accomplish the task that needs to be accomplished. There's more

to it of course. I've oversimplified some aspects of the situation but having a clear idea without

writing code of what should happen in every situation helps tremendously create a working

and scalable architecture. Okay so enough logical standpoint thingy right now. Let's have a look at

the code. We can start from our dear food serving station. Every second we check if we need to fill

the serving tray or the plateau. I called it a plateau because it's plateau in French.

In French yes of course. Or serve the customers. So if that's the case we emit a request to the task

requester. In the template every station that needs a worker to work properly has a task requester.

The coffee serving station, the coffee machine, the tables and more. To prevent sending two times

the same request we check if we've already registered it or not. For that we use a global

unique identifier or GUID attached to each request along with a request type. The previous method

shows why we also need the request type. A station can emit multiple distinct requests like serving

customers or filling the serving tray. But we could have created those separately so that each

station can only do one thing. Yep I think that would still work. In that case the GUID would be

enough. Anyway after making sure we've avoided duplicate requests we can store that request and

send it to the worker manager to be processed. The worker manager adds it to the pending requests

and on each frame handles those requests. If there is no pending request no need to go further.

We then store our idle workers. If none was found as stated previously we check if we can cancel a

task. But I won't go over this in this video. In the template you can actually choose if you want

the worker manager to cancel the requests or not. You can experiment and decide if you better like

the flow of the game like that. So let's jump back to our thingy. If we did find an idle worker we

pick the highest priority pending request, look for the closest idle worker, which is the cost right

here, and handle the request. There are different types of requests as you can imagine. Each request

represents an action or a series of actions the worker can perform. Let's take a look at the clean

table request for instance. The request contains some essential information such as the table that

needs cleaning and the priority of that request. You can change the priorities in the template too

and experiment by the way. But the request is not enough right? We've seen previously that the worker

manager converts requests into tasks. Exactly! We've got a twin task for each request with more

information on the sub steps the worker needs to take. So for instance cleaning a table has four

sub tasks. Moving to the dirty table, cleaning it, moving to the trash, emptying the serving tray.

After that the task is complete. Hooray! And the worker can be given another task. That's it! I hope

this gave you some ideas on how to implement a not so complicated task system without going deep

into goal-oriented action planning. If you've enjoyed the video consider checking my template.

I've got a link in the description and have an amazing day! Peace!