Welcome back guys! In this lesson, I'm going to ask you to be as focused as you can be because

we are going to tackle a super important topic here, the requests. This is the heart of our

worker manager or how the worker manager will handle workers, okay? So let's first open our

worker manager. Inside of here, first off, we are only going to have one worker manager in our game,

so let's turn it into a singleton. So public static worker manager instance. There you go.

I'm also going to initialize the singleton. Perfect. And the first thing we are going to do

is a way to register requests, okay? So public static void register requests, okay?

Then we are going to specify the request that we want to register, so task request request.

You should have seen or watched the YouTube video, so you should know what a task request is here.

And in here, instance.pendingRequest.add the request. This is going to be a list of all of

the pending requests that we've specified right here in the comment, okay? So let's create that

list. private list of task request pending requests equals new list of task requests, okay? Cool.

So now we need to create this task request because we still don't know what it is. So let's create

that script. So worker, yeah, we can drop it here. Actually, create a new MonoBehaviour script,

task request. Let's open it. And this class is going to be abstract because we can't create

a task request as is. We need to create something specific, like the coffee serving station that

we've got right here. We'll create, again, if you've watched the video, you should get that point,

but we'll create a task request that's going to be sent to the worker manager asking for cups.

If we need cups, hey, worker manager, here is a task request. Fill the plateau with

cups or pizzas or food. Hey, worker manager, I need a worker to serve the customers, okay? I hope

this is clear. So we can create as many requests as we want, depending on what we want to achieve,

and each request can have a set amount of parameters. So let's create our task request

right here. Boom, we can remove this too. What do we need inside of here? Well, first off, we will

need a sender. Who sent this task request? Just to keep track of the task request here. So public

task requester, task, or maybe sender. Yeah, let's just call it sender. That's the first thing we

need in here. Next, we are going to use global unique identifiers, GUIDs, okay? This is going

to be super important to keep track or cancel or complete requests. So we can do something like

protected, because this should be accessed only by the task requests. String, GUID. And inside of

here, public string, GUID. Let's just return our GUID in here, okay? Nice. Then, every task

request will have a priority. Some requests might be more important than others. For instance,

cleaning a table might be more important than filling the plateau with cups or serving the

customers. You will decide that, because if you can't find any empty table, you can't send

customers to that table. So maybe that can be more important. And if you want to add more stations

later on to the game, you can decide if that station has a higher priority as the serving

station or cleaning the tables or anything else. So protected int priority. Public int priority.

Let's return our priority. Finally, we are going to create two constructors. So public

task request with curly brackets. There you go. And another one, public task request. And in this

one, we are going to specify the sender. So task requester, sender. This dot sender equals sender.

Nice. I think we can just do something like that. An expression bodied statement.

Perfect. So this is everything we need in our task requests. All of the information we need to make

the game work properly. And of course, if you can think about more things or stuff to add in here

that you think should be important, please feel free to add them. And maybe you can leave a comment

under this lesson. Okay. So now that we've got our task request, let's create the task requester.

So let's copy this name, jump back to Unity, create a new script, task requester. Okay. So

instead of requesting, instead of doing this or implementing this script, what I want to do here

for it to make more sense is open our food serving station. Okay. This one. So let's open the

stations, coffee cashier station and food serving station. Okay. Because this is where we handle

the cups. This is where we handle serving the customers. So our food serving station is the one

that's going to emit requests. Okay. So every time you want to request something, you are going to

attach a task requester to the station or to the thing that's going to emit the request.

So it means that in here we need a task requester. So serialize field, private, task requester,

task requester. There you go. And remember the task requester, no, the task request, sorry, here

needs a GUID. So we are going to add a GUID generator to our script right here. Okay. So again,

require component type of GUID generator. We can store that somewhere. So maybe here, private,

GUID generator, GUID generator. Boom. And in here, GUID generator is going to be equals to get

component of type GUID generator. Flower power. Okay. So let's remove this for now. Oh no, we are

going to need the update method here. Why? Because we are going to check on a regular basis if we

need cups or if we need to serve customers or anything else. So inside of our update method,

let's handle the requests, requests timer or requests timer. I think I'm just going to call

it request timer. Yeah. Boom. Of course, we will need a request timer. We will need a delay to know

at which frequency we want to check if we need to emit or send some requests. I'm going to let you

decide how often you want to send requests. So let's just set up our code here. Request check

timer is less than the request check delay. Then we want to increment our timer. So request check

timer plus equals time dot delta time and return. Otherwise, we can check our requests. So check

requests and we can simply reset our timer. So request check timer equals zero. There you go.

So we need to create our timer and delay. Maybe we can do another header for that. Yeah. Request

timer. Something like that. Private float timer and the delay.

There you go. This one can be serialized field. Okay. So that we can set up the value in the

inspector. I think we are going to check for our requests each or every second. So if it's every

second, maybe we can just do a constant. Yeah. Constant float equals one f. Okay. Nice. So let's

now check our requests in here. Boom. Boom. And boom. So let's now check for requests. Inside of here,

what can we do? Let's just write some comments first. First off, we want to check if we have

enough cups. So do we have enough cups? If not, send a request. If we have enough cups and we can

serve the customers. So maybe can we serve customers? If that's the case, send a serve

customers request. Okay. And in here, it's going to be a send a field plateau request. So again,

we will have different types of requests. I hope this is clear. So let's implement these one by one.

We are just going to implement this one and yeah, we are going to see and go as far as we can get.

So do we have enough cups? We are going to write something like if we don't have enough cups, so has

enough food and not cups, we are going to emit the request. So let's just write emit requests. Yep.

Let's now create this method. Boom. And in here, again, you're free to decide

how you're going to handle this condition. In my case, I'm just checking if we've got more than

four food elements or pieces in the drop zone. So we are just going to return

dropzone.foodCount is greater than four. Again, this is a value that I've used. You can use a

higher one, a lower one. If you want to wait for the food serving station to empty before refilling

it, you decide. But I think that a value higher than zero will improve the flow of the game.

So let's create this property here. Boom. Okay. And this can return the plateau because

all of our food is in the plateau. So getFoodCount. Something like that. Okay.

Let's now implement this method. Boom. Public. Remove the exception. There you go.

I'm also going to drop it maybe at the end of our script. Okay. Yep. Somewhere around here. Cool.

And inside of here, we are going to check or ask all of our food positions if they are empty or

not. If they are empty, we can just continue. If not, we can increase a counter. But keep in mind

that you can also store this value or keep track of this value every time you push or pop a food.

You can have the counter that's running every time. That's another solution here. So in my case,

I'm just going to have a simple counter because we just want to make things work now. We can

actually refactor later down the road. We are free to do that. But always take into account

your goals when making a game. Okay. Just a small parenthesis here. You should not refactor your

game or think about refactoring from the beginning. If you want to make a game, first off,

the main focus you should have is to make your game fun, is to make your game work actually.

And then you can refactor. So you can either make a big game and refactor later on. It's going to

be quite difficult. Or make systems and when the system works, you can refactor it. But there is

no goal in learning all of the programming patterns and so on. If you have a look at here,

we mainly use the observer pattern with our actions and the singleton pattern. So both of

these are already a big start to make successful games in my opinion. So yeah, let's make things

work first. Okay. So int counter equals zero. There you go. Then for i from zero to food,

positionsParent.childCount++. Okay. There you go. After that, if our foodPositionsParent.getChild.index

i.getComponentOfType foodPosition is empty, if it is empty, we can simply continue.

If not, we can increase our counter. And finally, we can return our counter.

Got it? Fine. Super simple. So now we can jump back to our, I think it was the food serving

station. Yeah, this one. So now we are able to determine if we need more food or not.

Okay. So let's now emit a request. For that, we are going to ask the task requester to create

a request for us. And we need to pass in all of the data that we need in order to accomplish

or process that request for the worker manager actually. So taskRequester.createTaskRequest.

And here we are going to process step by step. First off, let's create this method because we

know that we are going to send a task request in here. So public void createTaskRequest.

And this is going to accept a task request. Let's call it request. Perfect. That's the first step.

We are then going to create our different requests. So in here, we now need to pass in

a request. Before thinking about that, let's think about what we are going to need to send

with our request. The worker right here will need to know what type of food we need so that

the worker manager can then determine which station we need to go to grab that type of food.

So that's the first step. Then what we need to pass into is where do we want the food to be put

or served. And this is going to be our serving station, our drop zone, sorry, somewhere around

here. If we select our coffee cashier station in here, we've got the drop zone. So we can

definitely interact with it within this bounding box. And the thing that we are going to do is not

send the position of the drop zone. Remember what we've done with the tables right here?

Huh? Remember? Well, we are going to apply the same logic here. We need to send a position

nearby the drop zone but inside of the bounding box. But it should also be inside of the nav

mesh surface. So somewhere around here, maybe. Or somewhere around here. Or maybe here. You decide.

Okay? So what I'm going to do is select our drop zone, right-click, and create an empty

game object. This is going to be our worker target point. I'm going to use the same color

that I've used for the table here. So blue. And move it somewhere around here. So maybe a bit

down. Yeah. The Y value should be zero. So somewhere around here. I think it's minus 5. Yep.

Cool. So now our target point here is within the bounding box of our drop zone and also on the nav

mesh. Or really close to the nav mesh at least. Got it? This is really important here. So this

is where our worker is going to go. So in our request, we need to pass in the target position

for our worker and the food that we need. Two super important things. The third thing is going

to be sent with all of the requests and it's going to be our GUID. The GUID of the station

that sent that. Okay? I think we're going to do that in the next lesson because this one

is getting a bit too long. See you in the next one!