Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to handle the request that we've created

previously. So right now we've sent the field plateau request to the WorkerManager.

Let's now handle it in the WorkerManager. First off I want to remove these debug.log lines. There

you go. Let's jump back to Unity, select the WorkerManager and reference our worker. Right

now we only have one worker. So let's open our WorkerManager in here. We call the register

request and we now have a request in our pendingRequests list. Perfect! So we can now implement

the first piece of logic in our handleRequests method. In here we want to check if we've got

pendingRequests. So if pendingRequest.count is less or equal to zero, we are simply going to

return because we don't have any requests pending right now. Then we are going to consider that our

worker, the only worker we have, is idle right now because we can, yeah, let's implement this logic

later on. So now the only thing we need to do is assign the pendingRequest to the worker. Okay?

So let's do something like handleRequest and now singular because we only have one request we want

to handle, we are going to pass in our pendingRequests at index zero and give it to our

worker. So workers at index zero. Of course we are not going to use this later on because we are going

to have more workers and so on. We will need the idle worker or the first one, maybe the closest

one. Anyway, stop talking! So after handling the request we want to remove it from the list. So

pendingRequests.removeAt zero. There you go. So let's now create this handleRequest method.

Boom! Okay, so handling the request, by the way, I'm going to call this one request. So handling

the request means applying a different logic depending on the type of the request. So if it's

a clean table request, we are going to do stuff. If it's a field station plateau request, we are

going to do something else. And if it's a serve customer request, again, you guessed it, something

else. So we only have one type right now, which is the field station plateau request. So let's check

if the request is of that type. If request.getType or is field plateau request, this is something you

can do. Well, we are going to handle field plateau or maybe station, yeah, station plateau request

with the worker. Okay, and we are also going to pass in the request.

There you go. This will make our code easier to maintain. Perfect. So at this point we've

got our request, we've got the worker, and we know what kind of request this is. So we know

what we should do. So the first thing we are going to do is convert that request into a field

station plateau request to grab the food that we need the worker to go grab. So let's say

field station plateau request field request will be equal to request as field station plateau request.

Perfect. Then we are going, as I've told you, to look for the food station that spawns the food

that is requested in here. So let's do food spawner station, food spawner stations equals

find objects by type, and we want to find all of the food spawner stations, and the sorting

can be none. No need to sort them. But what we need is the food spawner station that spawns

the food that is requested right here. So let's first see or check if we've got any food spawner

station. If food spawner station.length is less or equals to zero, then we should not have that.

So let's return, but we can definitely debug something here. Debug.log error, no food spawner

station found. Okay, this should never happen. Of course we should have a food spawner station.

At this point we know that we've got food spawner stations. So we need to make sure that the food

spawner stations that we've got in here do spawn the food that is required. So we can create a list

so that we can later on grab a random one or the closest one to our worker. So let's loop

through all of these, but first off let's create a list of food spawner station. Let's call this

one potential stations. Potential food spawner stations equals a new list of food spawner station.

Okay, then we are going to loop through all of these and if food spawner station at index i dot

we need to grab the food. Do we have the food in there? Nope, we don't. So we definitely need to

at least set up a food type inside of here. So let's open our food spawner station and do something

like maybe under settings public type food type and in here we want to return spawnable food

prefab dot get type. Okay, that way we can check for the type, compare it with our request's food type.

So food type equals a request, no not request, but field request dot food dot get type. Okay,

if they have the same type we can definitely add that food spawner station to our list.

Potential food spawner stations dot add food spawner station at index i. Perfect.

So at this point we have a list of potential food spawner stations.

But again we need to check if we've got something in our list or not. So let's grab our potential

ones. No potential in here it should be count and no potential food spawner station found. Perfect.

Okay, so now for now I think we can grab a random food spawner station. So food

spawner station random food spawner station will be equal to potential food spawner stations dot

get or maybe to array dot get random. Okay, again get random in here is an extension method

method that I've made. It's really simple. It grabs a random element in an array. Okay,

and we've got the same thing for the array here. I need to create one for lists too. Yep,

I'll do that later on maybe. Okay, so at this point now we've got three core elements. We know

what worker should handle the request. We know what station we need to fill and we know where

to grab the food. The only thing left is to create a task from that request that the worker will be

able to perform. Okay, so I'm going to write the logic of the task in here and then we can create

that task. Okay, so our fill station plateau not request this time but task. Let's call it fill

task will be equal to a new fill station plateau task and let's reference the things that we are

going to need. We are going to need a reference to the worker. We are going to need a reference

to our worker target point. So in the station, in this food spawner station. So again that food

spawner station like we've done for the drop zone if I remember well. Let's double check.

I'm sure we have it but yeah. Yeah, there you go. This blue point in here. The worker target point

for the drop zone. We need something similar for our food spawner station in here. So I'm just

going to duplicate it. Move it as a child of the coffee station right here. Thank you. Let's select

it and maybe we should move it somewhere inside of the coffee station. You see inside of this

bounding box again but also on the nav mesh. So let's grab that boy. Drop it somewhere around here

if we can. Okay, seems decent. I think I'm just going to move it a little bit towards there and

increase the bounding box of our station. So let's increase it like so. Boom, there you go.

That way we don't have any issues with workers colliding or not being able to reach that point.

Okay, but of course feel free to experiment with this again.

So yep, we now have our worker target point. I'm just going to rename it. Let's open our

food spawner station and add a reference to the position we need to reach or the position

our worker needs to reach. So serialize field private transform worker target point. Thank you.

And then we are going to specify the vector3 worker target position and this should return

the worker target point dot position. Thank you. Let's now jump back to Unity. Oh, we won't be able

to reference it because we still have some errors in here. That's cool. So let's reference our random

food spawner station dot worker target position. Nice. Then we also need the drop zones position

that we've set up earlier. So it's going to be in the request. Let me just do this, do this,

and field request dot drop zone position. And finally, we are also going to pass in the request

along with the task. Nice. Once the task has been created, we are going to assign it to the worker.

So assign task field task. Perfect. Okay, this is still a bit blurry in here. So in the next one,

let's create tasks. Tasks are going to be quite simple. They are just going to be a combination

or a sequence of subtasks. Move there, wait for something, then move there, wait for something,

and so on. It's going to be quite simple. Don't worry. See you in the next one.