Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we've got three errors to fix. So let's fix them one by one.

First off, we need to create this task right here. So you know what? This is the first thing

we are going to do. Okay, so let's right click, create a new script, WorkerTask. Let's open it.

And this WorkerTask is going to be the base class all of our other tasks are going to inherit from.

So abstract. Boom! Let's handle that one later on. For now, I just want to create

the FieldPlatoTask in here. So let's go in the script, public class FieldStationPlatoTask

will inherit from the WorkerTask. There you go. So inside of here, we need to create our

constructor. So public FieldStationPlatoTask. We will need the worker. What else did we have here?

Let's grab the script, drop it here and maybe we can see. Yeah, so we've got the worker,

we've got a vector3 for our worker target position for the food station. So let's call this one

foodSpawningStationPosition. Something like that. Yep. What else do we need? We need the drop

position. So vector3 dropPosition or you can call it dropZonePosition. You decide here.

And finally, we are going to have a reference to our task request. So let's call it

request. Okay, so we can now save this one. We don't have any more error in here, which is really

cool. We can grab it again and drop it here. Perfect. And now we've got a better view at our

task. Nice. Okay, so we've got our constructor. What are we going to use these for? As I've told

you in the previous one, all of our tasks here are going to be composed or made of sub-tasks.

So for instance, the worker at start should go towards the foodSpawningStationPosition,

wait until his plateau is full or after he has picked up a certain amount of food that you

have decided. After that, he will move to the drop position and finally wait for his plateau

to be emptied there. Okay, so it's going to look like something like subtasks.addNewSubtasks

and so on. We are going to have four sub-tasks for this fieldStationPlateau task. I hope this is

clear. Please, if it's not, again, leave a comment in the comment section. Thank you.

So let's first create our sub-task class. So public class sub-task and this one is going to

be abstract because as I've told you, we are going to have different kinds of sub-tasks.

The moveTo sub-task, waitForSomething sub-task and so on. You can even add more, waitForATimer,

teleportTo a position. You decide, actually. This is so versatile.

So let's create our sub-task here. A sub-task will have a boolean, isComplete.

So we can actually get it and private set it. Then we are going to have two methods that the

the actual sub-tasks will override. So public abstract void start. Let's pass in a worker

and public abstract void update in case we need to check something. So worker,

worker, worker. There you go. Perfect. The sub-task class is as simple as this.

So now let's create the first one, the moveTo sub-task. Public class moveTo sub-task that

will inherit from the sub-task and of course we need to implement the abstract class with

the start method and the update method. So let's start this method. If we start this sub-task,

this is the moveTo sub-task, we are just going to tell the worker to move to a certain position

but to have that position we need to store it somewhere. So vector3 destination.

So let's store it. Maybe we can do something like a constructor moveTo sub-task with a vector3

destination and this one is simply going to set the destination. So this.destination equals

destination. Perfect. So now worker.goTo. Can we call the goTo method? No, because we

still don't have it. We have it in our customer class and I think it's going to be quite similar

but now we can simply do goTo destination. Telling the worker to go to that destination

and in the update method we want to check if the worker has reached the destination. Why? Because

as I've told you a task will be a compilation or a sequence of sub-tasks. So when the worker

reaches the destination we are going to switch to the next sub-task and so on and so on. We are

always going to check if the condition is complete, is true or not. If it's true, boom, complete this

sub-task and move to the next one. So we want to check if the worker that has reached destination

and this is going to be a property, isComplete equals true. Got it? Right now we can't set

isComplete. We need to set this one to protected, sorry, not private. Okay, perfect. So we already

have our first sub-task. So what we are going to do is remove these and in here we are instead

going to do subtasks.add new moveToSubtask and set up our destination which is going to be our

food spawning station position. Okay, right. So we now need to implement our worker task for this

to make more sense because right now we are adding something to a list that we don't even

have. Okay, but I hope that this is clear. In my opinion this was the best way to explain the

process, explaining the sub-tasks, then creating the sub-task and maybe creating one example of a

sub-task, how it would look like. But if you think I could have explained that in a better way, please

let me know. All right, so our worker task. Well, we know that we are going to have sub-tasks so

what we can do is protected list and again list sub-task, sub-tasks equals new list of sub-tasks.

Perfect, so now we don't have any more error in here which is great. Then I told you that we were

going to start the first one, wait for it to complete, then start the next one. So we need to

keep track of the sub-task we are currently in. So protected int current sub-task index.

Actually this can be private because I think we are only going to use it in the worker task

class but let's keep it protected just in case. Then let's also cache our worker.

And finally what we can do is also cache the request, protected task request request.

Okay, these are the four things we are going to need in here.

Next, let's create our first constructor. So public worker task and let's pass in our

worker along with the task request request. This.worker equals worker and this.request

equals request. So now we are having an error in here because our worker task

constructor needs to also be implemented. For that we are going to add two points,

okay? Then base worker and request so that our worker task here is aware of those worker and

request. Then we can implement the constructor. Why is it important? Because our task or worker

task will have a start method, an update method, a complete method and a cancel method if we need

to cancel that task. So let's start with the start method. public void start. Inside of here what do

we want to do? We just want to initialize some stuff. When the worker is going to call the start

method to start the task, remember we've assigned the task to the worker here. We are still going

to implement this one, don't worry, but when assigning the task we are going to start it from

the worker. So in the start method we want to reset our current subtask index just in case,

even though it should already be zero, and then we are going to start our first subtask. So subtasks

at index zero dot start, okay? So let's have a look at what's going to happen here. By the way we need

to pass in the work area. The field station plateau task has been assigned to our worker right here.

So the worker is going to start it. We're going to call the start method and start the first

subtask which is this one, move to. So what will happen? Our worker is going to walk towards the

destination. The destination that we've set up here, the food spawning station position, okay?

Is that clear? I need you to stay focused here because you are going to implement some tasks

as an exercise later on. Of course you can still decide not to do them but I highly encourage you

to do these exercises. Anyway, so we've started our task. We now need to check if we've completed

our current subtask or not to be able to switch to the next one. So public void update and again

this update method is going to be called from the worker because it does not inherit from the

MonoBehaviour class. So the start and update method that you can see here are not called

automatically. They need to be called from somewhere. Anyway, so if the current subtask index

is greater or equals to the subtask.count it means that we've completed everything. So let's return

because we should have called the complete method earlier. Actually this should never happen but

again I like to put in precautions here. Subtask then current will be equals to the subtasks

at index current subtask index. Okay we've got our subtask. Then we need to update it.

Why should we update it? Because we need to check if the worker has reached the destination or not.

So let's update it with our worker. Okay perfect. After that if the current task is complete

what should we do? We are going to increment our counter.

So plus plus boom and then check if we still have more tasks to start subtasks sorry to start

or not. So if our current subtask index is less than the subtasks.count we still have more

subtasks. So subtasks at index current subtask index dot start with the worker. Okay otherwise

we've completed our task. So let's just call the complete method. Perfect. At this point we've got

the full loop of our worker task. We apply or process subtasks one by one until they are all

complete and when all of these subtasks are complete our worker task is complete. Nice.

So let's now do public void complete. I think it should be private. Yeah private because we are

just going to call it from the worker task here. Okay so if the request is different than null

and the request dot sender is different than null what do we want to do? Request dot sender dot

clear request and we can pass in this request that we want to clear. I'm going to explain that in

one moment. Then we can simply call worker dot complete task. That way we can switch in our

state machine from the busy state or processing task state to the idle state again and the worker

manager can now request that worker one more time to assign it or give it a new task. Then why do

we want to clear the request in here? Because remember our task requester here is checking if

he already has a certain request to prevent having duplicates. So if we don't clear the request in

our worker task in here what will happen is that any request will only be able to execute once

because we've removed the request from the pending requests but this is inherent to our

worker manager and it's not linked to the task requester. We should not remove it when giving it

to the worker because it might have not been accomplished or processed yet. The station can

ask the worker manager to go get some cups and yeah we don't have enough food but it takes time

to go grab that food. So we should only clear the request from the task requester once the task has

been completed. So we need to implement this clear request method in our task requester then.

So let's do it! public void clear request we need the request so task request request

then here is what we are going to do. We are going to loop through all of our requests in

the opposite direction so for not like that with two r's are requests dot count dot count

oh come on requests dot count thank you if the requests at index i dot guid equals our request

dot guid and requests at index i dot get type equals request dot get type then that's the same

request we're going to remove it requests dot remove at i and then we can break okay perfect

so what's left now in our worker manager we need to assign the task to our worker

we also need to create the complete task methods we have two more errors in here so go to and has

reached destination let's implement these in the next one i think this one is already pretty huge

in term of content and understanding so i'm going to give you some time to digest it okay and if

you've got any questions please feel free to drop them in the comment section see you in the next one