Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to better handle our workers to prevent

issues that we had in the previous lesson. So for that we are going to open our worker manager.

Inside of here we want to check if we've got idle workers or not. So list of worker idle workers

equals new list of worker and now we can loop through all of our workers. We currently have one

but that's fine. And find idle workers. So for i from 0 to workers, oh i from 0 to workers.count

because after that we might add another worker or maybe two more to check if everything is

working correctly. If the tasks are split in a good way. So if workers at index i dot currentTask

equals null, then continue. But if it's different than null, not equals, if the worker has no task

he's idle. We can also check if the state is currently idle but yeah I have decided to go

that route. So idle workers dot add workers at index i. There you go. And in here we can check

and in here we can check if idle workers dot count is less or equal to zero, we have no idle workers.

So what we can do is check for priorities, cancel tasks, but for now we are simply going to return.

Okay let's not do anything and wait for a worker to be idle. So let's now create this currentTask

property. Boom! It should simply return our currentTask. We're going to move it up. Boom!

Semicolon and we are good to go. Okay so let's now give that a shot so that our serveCustomers

task does not get given to our busy worker. So yeah I'm also going to grab the worker and turn

into a child of the worker manager. Okay so let's see how it goes now.

Serving the customers. Go grab cups. Nice.

Boom! And now he's serving again which is fine. Okay okay we are getting progress here.

Now he is going to grab some more cups. Yeah that's perfect. Okay let's wait for a little bit,

give this a bit more testing. Oh I don't like that.

What's wrong in here? What the? What? Excuse me? No no no this is really wrong.

Okay so let's select our skinnedMeshRenderer. Exit the debug mode. Oh okay okay okay I hate

this checkbox. I hate it from the bottom of my heart. Let's never apply root motion. Anyway you

can apply root motion. You will test that. I hate applying root motions. It prevents me from

getting full control about animations. Yeah so here's what we're going to do again. Let's select

our worker from the prefabs folder. So character. I think I'm also going to remove it from the

customer here. Oh it's already removed. Perfect. So worker do not apply root motion. No in this

game do not apply it. You're not going to have a character that is playing a jump animation and you

need to apply that motion to the character for it to be on the other side. But yeah

I hate that. I hate that checkbox. Okay eat. Hurry up. Boom there you go. Let's grab the dirty cups.

Put them in the trash. Okay nice. Everything seems to be working perfectly at this point. Okay cool

yep everything's fine.

Right we can actually add another subtask if we want so that the worker here faces the station.

Okay it might be an option. Okay nice. So what we are going to do next is add another request,

another request, another task for the customer to clean the table because I'm kind of tired of going

back and forth collecting the dishes. And you know what? I think that I'm going to speed run this

in this lesson. And this is an exercise for you. Please add that. Okay so first things first. Let's

create our request. So let's open our task request script. Okay and create a new one. So public

class clean table request. Let's inherit from the task request. What are we going to need?

A private table set table. Public table set table. Let's return the table. Why are we going to need

the table? Because we need to know if it's clean or not. So public clean table request. Let's pass

in the guid and the table of course. So this.guid equals guid and this.table equals table. Okay

then the priority will be something like 50. So it's a higher priority than this one and lower

than this one. Okay next we are going to jump to our maybe table manager or table. Who is going to

send the requests now? Well I think that the table manager is the one that should send the requests.

So let's add a task requester. So maybe somewhere around here. Serialize field.

Private task requester. Task requester. Okay there you go. And when are we going to request or send

a request? When we've got a table that becomes dirty. So we need to know when that happens.

Okay when will that happen? When it's happening we are just going to say push dirty table and

we need to know which table has become dirty. Okay we are going to keep track of the amount

of dirty tables. So we need a list for that. Settings. Private table set. It's going to be a

list of table set and we will need collections that generate dirty tables equals new list of

dirty tables. So inside of here what we can do is dirty tables that add the table. So now we know

how many dirty tables we have and when that's the case we can send a request. So task requester

dot create task request. New clean table request with the GUID of the table. Each table is going

to have its own GUID though because later on we are going to save the state of the table. It might

be locked. It might be unlocked. So yeah we need a unique identifier for that. So table

table table this one dot GUID and we are also going to pass in the table. Okay semicolon. Okay

so let's now tell the table to call this method when it gets dirty. So inside of our table set

script gets cleaned get cleaned by accept customers fire where is our fire customers method handle

food timer get cleaned by mark as dirty right here yeah in here when firing the customers we

set is dirty to true but we are also going to do something like manager which is the table manager

and we don't have any reference to the table oh table manager there you go we have it i thought

we have we did we did not so dot push dirty table this do we store the manager somewhere i don't

remember yeah accept customer perfect but when the table gets cleaned so get cleaned by yeah right

here we need to remove the table from the dirty tables array so let's do something like um table

manager dot remove dirty table and let's pass in this okay and we are also going to need to know

who removed the uh or who cleaned the dirty table so hold dish ability this is going to come in handy

later on i'm going to explain why anyway let's create this remove dirty table method just after

the push dirty table perfect so let's do this uh and inside of here we can do dirty tables dot

remove table set let's rename this one table thank you but what else should we do in here

well as soon as the worker has cleaned the table we should remove the request from the task

requester otherwise another one might come to that table even though it's cleaned i hope it makes

sense so task requester dot task requester dot clear request new clean table request and we can

actually store that request if we want when sending it but yeah this one but yeah i'm just

going to do that table dot guid and we need to create that guid table perfect so let's now create

this guid here boom where is it right here it's going to return our guid generator dot guid

and of course we need a guid generator too so require component type of guid generator

components private guid generator guid generator thank you let's uh actually i think it was yeah

in in uppercase and in the awake method guid generator equals get component

get component of type guid generator nice let's remove the start method it's empty okay boom boom

boom the guid maybe i'm gonna drop it somewhere around here so that it makes a bit more sense

and i think that we're good to go so we now have set up our request now our worker manager needs

to handle that request so in the worker manager or you know what i'm actually going to create the

task so that we can handle that correctly so public class clean table task will inherit from

the worker task class task there you go public clean table task worker worker we will need the

table set table we will also need to know where the trash is so trash and finally task request

request let's do base worker request okay so how are we going to decompose this first off the

worker needs to move towards the table or towards the tables worker point so subtasks dot add new

move to subtask and the destination will be table dot worker our worker target position here target

position okay perfect so let's create this one first okay thank you uh it's going to return

as usual our worker target point dot position and we are going to drop it somewhere around

here maybe does it make sense maybe this might make more sense something like that serialized field

private transform uh worker target point okay perfect so now we know where to uh send our worker

once he's here we are going to wait for the table to get cleaned or for the table to be clean

so subtasks dot add new wait for condition subtask and the conditioning here is going to be

table dot is dirty nope the table should not be dirty once it's cleaned it's not dirty anymore

after that let's go towards the trash so new move to subtask and again trash dot worker

target position not point let's create this okay let's return as usual worker target

point dot position i'm rushing because come on you know how to do this at that point

okay uh serialize no serialize field thank you private transform worker target point

perfect so we are going to uh need to create the point for the trash and for the table

all right uh once the worker has reached the trash we are going to wait again for what we

are going to wait for the worker's plateau to be empty okay not full of dirty dishes

so subtasks dot add new wait for condition subtask let's wait for wait for the worker

dot is plateau dirty to not be dirty and worker dot is plateau empty to be empty okay

perfect i hope this makes sense again so if you get any questions at this point

again please leave a message in the comment section

nice uh we've got our task we've got our request so let's jump to the worker manager and handle

that boy else if request is a clean table request what are we gonna do let's not rush come on slow

down tabseel handle clean table request request worker thank you let's create this one grab it

and drop it after the two others boom okay and it's going to be as simple as the serve customers

request one so clean table task task equals a new clean table task with the worker the table

that needs to be cleaned and in here we need to grab it from the request so request as clean table

request not task dot table thank you uh then we need the trash so the trash is going to be linked

in our worker manager here but keep in mind that you can link it to the table manager and let's not

forget about our request after that we can assign the task to the worker nice so let's create our

trash maybe at the top here boom serialized field private trash trash nice okay so uh i think that

we are now good to go can we try that out or not so keep in mind that we are not handling

priorities right now oh let's reference this one to the uh prefab okay nice now we need to uh open

our table by the way so gameplay or maybe table stuff yeah simple table set we need to set up the

worker target point and what's good is that the gui generator has automatically been added to the

simple table set so we've got these positions in here these are linked to the chairs so let's

create an empty game object give it a blue color or icon or label set it at zero on the y-axis

nice and this is going to be our uh worker target point okay let's reference it here let's make sure

that it is triggering the table and we can see that it is not right now but uh do we have a

trigger in our other table right here yeah we have it in here so let's apply this to our prefab

let's apply boom thank you let's just make sure that we have it yep and now our worker target

point is inside of this trigger so the worker should be able to clean the table

if we select the table it's also on the nav mesh which is perfect okay so we've got this i think we

also need to add it to the trash right here so let's press f sorry let's right click create an

empty game object worker target point let's reference it and give it a blue icon boom place

it here maybe yeah it's still inside of the bounding box which is perfect okay so i think

that we can now reference the trash and hit play boom so let's watch our worker in action putting

cups perfect serving customers nice getting more cups okay this customer is going to leave so we

will need to clean the table and of course we've forgotten something simple table set table oh the

task requester of course this is why i like adding uh require component attributes so here is our

task requester let's try it again okay almost there this one should again consume the cups

go clean the table thank you okay so he can't hold hey you forgot about that me too not gonna lie

so our worker has the hold food ability but he does not have the hold dish ability if we add it

of course we're gonna have some errors but we can reference it boom and now he can hold dishes

how cool is that boom and now he's going to serve the customers i guess

uh-huh yep go garb some cups everything is working perfectly so cool what if we increase his

speed so five okay hurry up okay so now he should go and clean the table but he has not cleaned the

table he can't go and clean it again oh this is an issue we need to fix so as an exercise

try and fix this issue before the next lesson i'm gonna fix it in the next one don't worry see you there