Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to fix the issue we had in the previous one,

which is, which you should have fixed it by the way, but the worker should be able to clean tables

multiple times. So first things first, let's select the worker. I'm actually going to open

the prefab and add the hold dish ability so that he can collect dishes. So let's do this,

that's the first step. Then what we are going to do is hit play. Okay, I'm going to timelapse this

and what we can do to timelapse it in real time is increase the time scale here. So five, okay,

boom, boom, and now he can't go and clean the table. Why? If we select our table, normally

we have the task requester and we have one request in here, okay? So the request has been emitted.

What about the worker manager? We've got one pending request. What is that? If we switch to

debug mode, it's the simple table set. So the pending request is in there. But what happens?

Why can't we give this request to the boy here, to the worker? Because if we zoom

in our station in here, what is happening in here? So this boy can go and consume the cups,

but we've told the customer, the worker, sorry, to serve the customers. So the customer,

the worker is still being able to serve the customers. The wait condition that we've specified,

uh, where is the condition? Yeah, here, serve the customers. While it's going to stop serving

the customers when the drop zone's food count is less than three, but the drop zone right here has

more than three cups. So this task right here is not done yet. He's still performing this task

right here. So we need to handle these cases. We need to be able to cancel some tasks if they have

a lower priority. Let's do that. The first thing we want to do is open our worker manager inside of

here. Uh, yeah, right here. When handling the requests, if we don't have any idle workers right

now, we just return. What we are going to do is handle no idle workers found. Okay. Just in case

we can do stuff if no worker has been found. What do we want to do in here? We are going to loop

through all of our pending requests. So for i pending request dot count, we are going to grab

that request. So task request request is going to be, uh, let's call it pending request.

It's going to be pending requests at index i. There you go. And after that, we are going to

say bool worker found equals false. Let's assume that we did not find any worker available for that

request to handle that request. Next, we are going to loop through all of our workers, but

we are not going to use the same index. So workers dot count. And for all of these workers, we are

first going to check if the worker can cancel the task. So worker worker equals workers at index j.

Okay. And if the worker cannot cancel its task or his task, we are going to continue.

Why can't a worker cancel a task? So imagine that situation. You're telling a worker to go clean a

table, but he has just grabbed some cups from the food serving station, from the food spawner

station, sorry. So his plateau will already have stuff in it. We should not have that case happen.

One of the conditions that needs to be met for the worker to cancel a task is, for instance,

the plateau being empty. So let's implement this property. The only condition that I found here is

the one I told you about. So hold food ability dot is plateau not dirty, not full, but just active.

If the plateau is active, we should not be able to cancel the task. So boom, exclamation mark.

We can only cancel if the plateau is not active. So let's create this property in here.

Boom. And what we can do is return plateau dot game object dot active in hierarchy.

Okay, so let's now jump back to our worker manager. Okay, so now we know that the worker,

so let's say at this point, the worker can cancel his task. So what else should we do?

If the worker can cancel the task, let's compare the priorities. So if pending request dot priority

priority is greater than the worker dot current task dot request, oh, we need to add a reference

to the request here, dot priority, priority. Okay, then we can cancel the task here.

So what we're going to do is add the request property. Oh no, control Z, sorry. Let's create

a property. We don't have any more things. Okay. So let's open our worker task and add a reference

to the request. So public task request, request, request. Thank you. Now we can jump back here

and we should be able to access the property. Can we? Oh, come on.

I've just added it. Worker dot current task. Oh, the current task is an object? What?

Worker task. There you go. Now we can access the request. Sorry, I really did miss that.

Okay, so if the pending requests priority has a higher priority than the current task of our

worker or the current request associated with the task of our worker, then what do we need to do?

We need to add back this request here to the pending requests because the worker has not

accomplished that request. So pending requests dot add worker dot current task dot request.

Okay. And finally, we can simply handle the request again. So handle the request. Which request?

The pending request with our worker, the one that we've found. And we can say that we've found a

worker. And finally break. So why do we need this boolean here? Because when breaking, we are going

to check after this loop if we've found a worker or not. So if worker found, what we can do is

pending requests dot remove the pending request, the one that we've associated or given to the

worker. We can remove it now. And finally, we can break. Okay, we can exit this loop. Okay, I think

that we can now try this out. So let's exit and come back. Let's hit play. Let's again use our

time lapse trick. So time here five. Okay. Cleaning the table. Serving the customers again. Cleaning

the table. Oh, it seems like it's working. I like that. I like what I see. Cleaning the table again.

Serving the customers. Getting some cups. Go clean the table. Even though he wanted to serve the

customers. But cleaning the table has a higher priority. So he had to go there. Awesome.

Really cool. Nice. Okay, so this is working. We can call it a day so that you can again digest

this information. If you've got some questions regarding this lesson, please let me know in the

comment section as usual. And see you in the next one.