Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to complete our handling workers section.

In this one, we are going to do two or three important things. First off, we need to grab

the highest priority request and this is the one we should handle first, not the first pending

request. Then we are going to grab the worker that is the closest to where we should apply

that task or perform that task, okay? All right, so for that we are going to open our

worker manager script. Okay, thank you. And inside of here, where we handle our requests,

after handling no idle workers found, we right here use the first pending request. This is not

what we are going to do. Instead, we are going to grab the highest priority request. So highest

priority request. This is going to be equals to get highest priority request, okay?

Let's now create this method. Boom! Okay, let's remove the exception here and find the highest

priority request. So it's quite simple, I'm sure you know how to do that. Just loop through all

of the pending requests and grab the one that is the highest priority. Yeah, as simple as it gets.

So you can either use the link library or simply use a loop. So int max priority

will be equals to int dot minimum value, okay? Then the request index is going to be minus one.

Then we can loop through all of our pending requests, like so. Thank you.

And if the pending requests at index i dot priority is greater than the max priority,

then we want to set the max priority equals pending requests i dot priority. And request

index equals i. Cool. At the end of this, what we can do is return pending requests.

So return pending requests at index request index. And we know for sure that our request

index will never be negative. Why? Because we've made sure that we called this method

if we had some pending requests. So we know for a fact that we are going to have pending requests

in there, okay? So we now have our highest priority request. So now what we want to do is

grab the worker that is the closest to the main target point, let's say, of that request.

So we can do something like worker target worker or closest worker equals get closest worker

from list. And in here, we are going to pass in two things. First off, the list of workers that

are able to perform that task. Next, the task target position, okay? So we need to grab that

position. Vector3 task target position will be equals to get target position from request,

let's say. Boom. And let's pass in the highest priority request. So each request, if you remember

has a kind of target position for the worker. So for the serve customers request, it's the worker

target position. To clean the table, it's going to be the table position or table.worker target

point. Yeah, this one. For the filling station plateau, it's going to be the drop zone. No,

do we have that position? Drop zone position? Yeah, actually, it's given by our boy here,

by our worker manager. Remember in here? Yeah, we check out the station. So for this one,

you've got two possibilities. You can either grab the spawner station's position or worker position

or the serving station's worker position. We've got two possibilities. That's great. That's nice.

Okay, so let's create this method and this one. Perfect. Let's start with this one. So let's drop

it here. Thank you. And we should be good to go. Okay, let's implement our get target position

from request method. Inside of here, I'm just going to rename this one request so that it

doesn't take that much space. And we can check for each request, actually. So if the request

is fill station plateau request, we are going to return request as fill station plateau request

dot drop zone position. Boom. Okay, we are using the drop zone position for this one.

But as I told you, you can also use the food spawner station's worker position. Else if

request is, what is the second one? Serving, right? Where is the handle handle request? I'm

just going to copy and paste this. So bam. Okay. And drop this here. But of course, I need to

remove the if statement. So the first one. And in here, we are going to return stuff. So let's grab

these and drop it here, here and here. Thank you. So in here, we need to reset the request as a serve

customer as clean and as idle. Okay, are we missing something? Yeah, I think we need an else statement.

Okay, so the last one should be an else statement. Or we can keep the else if and if we can't find

that request type, we can return vector 3.0. Okay, there is one obvious thing here we can do.

The idle request. This is definitely not important. We can remove it. It's not something of a high

priority. It's never going to be, let's say, the highest priority request because it might be with

other idle requests with a priority of minus one, but that's it. These are the most important ones.

So for the serve customers request, we want to use the worker target point or position here.

And for the table, we can use the... Do we have a worker thingy? No, we've got the table

dot worker target position. Okay. So at this point, we know what position is needed or is going to be

reached by the worker for that request. Let's now implement this method here. Inside of here,

we are going to use the same logic that we've used in the get highest priority request.

So let's do float min distance equals load dot max value int worker index equals minus one.

And again, we know that we'll have workers here because we've made sure that our idle workers

list had some entries in it. Okay. So what we're going to do is for i from zero to workers dot

count, and the workers right here should not be the workers list. It should be the idle workers

list. There you go. So when looping on that list, we want to check float distance is going to be

equals to idle workers at index i dot transform dot position, but we want a distance. So vector

three dot distance between our idle worker and the task target position. Nice. If that distance

is less than the minimum distance, then the distance equals our minimum... Sorry, the minimum

distance equals the distance, and the worker index equals i. And after that, we can return

our idle workers at worker index. Boom. Perfect. So now we are all set up. We need to use this boy.

We need to use this boy when handling the request here. So the worker here is going to be the target

worker, and the highest priority request is the one that we need to to do. Boom. Or to perform.

Handle. Okay. And by the way, we should not remove at index zero here. We should remove

the pending request. So remove not at, but the highest priority request. Okay. So we can now

try this out. And before hitting play, what I want to do is add more tables. So here's the first one.

I'm going to duplicate it, move it somewhere around here. Okay. And maybe we can have another one

there, maybe a bit further away. And this one somewhere around here. Perfect. Nice. Okay. Now we

can try this out. Do we need to reference our tables? Nope. They are referenced at runtime.

All right. So we can speed up the game a bit more. So maybe five. Okay. Just so that we have

customers going to the tables, consuming food, and so on. Okay. Boom, boom. Now we can jump back. Okay.

So let's have a top view instead, or kind of a side view. Let's maximize the scene here to better

spot what happens. So this boy is the closest one. So he went to serve the customers. This one is

going to grab cups, and this one is now serving, putting the cups. Okay. This table needs to be

cleaned. Can someone come and clean the table, please? Okay. So nobody is coming to clean the table.

Interesting. Okay. What is this boy doing here? Oh, this one was going to clean the table,

but he went to grab some cups.

Do we have some errors? No, we don't have any error.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. So this boy cleans this table, but these two tables do not want to be

cleaned. Why is that happening? Are they added to the table manager or not?

Let's switch to debug mode. Dirty tables. We have two dirty tables. Yeah, these ones.

Table number two, which is this one, and table not number three. I think it was number one.

So now we have three. Okay. So we still have two dirty tables, but the request here to clean the

tables, table three. Okay. Table three. It's not there anymore. So I think that our request to

clean the table has been canceled, but we haven't canceled it from the task requester.

That's what might have happened. I think that one worker was going to clean the table, but maybe we

did not clean it. Where is the worker manager? Here are our pending requests.

So we've got minus 4.7 for the target position. Let's try something here.

Let's create a sphere. Okay. And the position we need to use is minus 4.7. All of these are

along the same x-axis, which is minus 4.7. Okay. So they're all somewhere around here.

These are our idle positions. So we don't have any requests pending to clean the table here.

Really interesting. Let's hit play again and see what happens. We are going to do that step by

step now. So let's select our table manager. Let's speed up the things a bit. Okay. So now one,

maybe two and one. Okay. I just want this table to become dirty so that I can spot. Okay. So now

we've emitted a request. Okay. So this boy comes and clean it. Nice. Now the request has been

removed. Should I help them a bit more or not? So the request here to clean the table again,

it has been removed, but because the table has been cleaned.

He was doing a moonwalk. Okay. So now we have one request, two requests.

One has been handled to this boy. Okay. What about this one?

Interesting.

Okay. So nobody wants to clean this one.

And we don't have any requests for this one too.

What?

I, okay.

Let me clean these to check what's going to happen after that.

Okay. We are getting an error here now.

Dirty tables.array.data2 has disappeared. Of course I've cleaned the table, bruh.

Okay. So now this table has been put here. All right. We've got this boy coming and cleaning it.

What about this one? So someone is going to clean this one. Okay.

We've got another dirty table there. Somebody is coming to clean it. Okay.

So we need more dirty tables at the same time, I think, to spot that issue again.

Okay. Here is one request. It has been given to this boy. And here is another one.

Okay. Okay. Okay. I think that my tables have the same GUID.

Dude.

You know what? What? What let me, what let me,

do you know how I find, I found that out? Because I had one request and two dirty tables. So it

means that the request had already been handled and it has not been added to the requests. --.

So yeah, please make sure to not reproduce that error. So select the table, generate GUID,

generate GUID and generate GUID. Okay. So now I'm going to go to the table.

So select the table, generate GUID, generate GUID and generate GUID. Perfect.

So let's now hit play. All right. Let's speed up things a bit again to give it a shot.

So let's have a top view again. Okay. Maybe we can remove the gizmos. All right.

So table clean. This one is cleaned. This one is cleaned again. Nice. Nice. Let me go grab some,

can we grab some cups? No. Okay. Okay. Everything seems to be going all right.

This one was the closest. So he decided to serve the customers, go grab cups,

serve customers and so on. This one was now closed because this one was busy actually.

And now everything seems to be working perfectly. Awesome. And this lesson closes our worker

handling section. If you've enjoyed this, please feel free to leave a review. It would

be highly appreciated. Thank you. And yep. See you in the next one.