Welcome back, guys. In this section, we are going to tackle progression. And who says progression says unlocking new stuff? To unlock new stuff, we will need cash. So in this lesson, let's start by creating our cash files. Okay. So what is a cash file going to be? It's going to be a pile of cash. Wait. Hooray. Thank you, mister obvious. Okay. So let's create the cash prehub first. I think we should have something inside of here. So cash. Okay. That's a prehub. Let's drag it in our scene. Press f. Yep, that's decent. I like that. So let's use this as our prefab. I think it's actually already in the prefabs folder. Right? Gameplay. Where is this ones? Let's select it. Oh, it says it's in pinky three d cartoon save pack prefabs. Okay? So this is the one we are gonna use, but feel free to use any other cash prefab you wanna use. Okay. Perfect. We've got this now. So now that we get our prefab, let's create our cash file script that will help us generate cash. So let's write it, create an empty game object, cash file. Quick note first. Every element that is going to generate cash will have a cash file associated with it. So our full service station right here, we'll have a cash file. The tables are going to have cash files as well. Uh, this one is not gonna have one, but the pizza station maybe later on will have one too. Okay? So let's, um, I think we can print the scripts. Or first off, what I wanna do is drop it as a child on the coffee cashier station. Okay? Thank you. So here's the cash file. Let's add a box collider because we want that layer to be able to trigger that cash file to collect what's in it. So let's add a box collider. Okay. It's gonna be a trigger. And, uh, when I export the trial call, I... perfect. So I want to make it a bit bigger. First off, it's moving somewhere around here and maybe one and a half and one and a half, something like that. Should be nice. Okay. Cool. Now that we've got our the paperwork figured out, we can read the script. So let's open our scripts folder. Uh, boom. No strides. Thank you. Oh, maybe gameplay. Right click, create a new script. Cache file. Alright. Let's attach it to our cache file. And you know what? We are also going to turn this into a brief update because we're gonna reuse that multiple times. So cache file, build, gameplay. So let's now open our scripts after moving it at the top. Oh, come on. There you go. Okay. So what are we going to need in here? First off, I wanna tell you that this is a personal preference. I've decided to generate the cache in a grid fashion, and it goes up. So it's gonna be something like a two by four grid, but you can use a four by four. You can use a... anything you want. You can actually stack the cache prefab to one on top of the other and only use one column. You're free to decide here. So let's do this. First off, we're going to need our elements. The only element we are going to need is our cache prefab. Cache prefab. Oh, cache prefab. Also, keep in mind that you can use pooling inside of here. We've already tackled that in many other courses, but in here, I wanna focus on the actual gameplay and not on the performance. So next, what are we gonna need? We are going to need some settings. Let's set up a grid size. So private, vector two, integer, grid size. This is going to be used for the rows and columns. Then we are going to need some spacing. So vector three, spacing, plus by wink, and there you go. Maybe you can call it grid spacing, actually, to keep some consistency. And now onto the logic. So for this one, I've decided to store the base positions of our grid. So because it's going to be a two by four grid, we are going to have eight base positions. Okay? So we can already, by the way, reference our prefabs. Uh, this one is ones in fifty zero prefabs and cache. There you go. It's gonna be a two by four, and the spacing is going to be about seventy five, about fifteen for the y axis, and the four along the z axis. Perfect. So here's what we are going to do. We are going to have our two by four grid, so eight positions. Then we are going to use our y position right here to elevate the other elements. So we're gonna check how many elements we've got, and if we get more than eight, it will mean that we will need to jump to the next column and so on. Okay? So it's gonna be nine plus eight, it's gonna be seventeen, plus eight, twenty five, and so on. So here's the logic I came up with. Private vector three, base positions.So in the awake method, we're going to go store base positions. Okay? Positions with an s. So let's now create this method, private void store base positions. Inside of here, let's do base positions. It's going to be a new vector three array of grid size grid size dot x times grid size dot y. Okay? So two by four, eight positions. Then let's create these. So we are going to grab our start position, vector three, start position. It's going to be equals to transform that position minus vector three dot right times grid spacing dot x times grid size dot x divided by two. This is for power x axis. Now we need to tackle the z axis. And for the z axis, we're going to use the grid size and grid spacing dot y. No. Grid spacing dot z, but grid size dot y. Okay? We really need to make the distinction here. So I'm gonna drop this to the next slide or maybe this one. What does makes more sense for you? With the minus sign or without? Anyway, you decide here. And, again, minus vector three dot forward times grid spacing dot z times grid size dot y divided by two. There you go. And what I'm also going to do is move the start position. So plus equals grid spacing divided by two. So you could add this grid spacing divided by two right here. So in here, we can do something like plus vector three dot right times grid spacing at x divided by two. And in here, we can use the forward axis. But for me, it made more sense to do this. And afterwards, add half the spacing. So now we can do two loops, four z from zero to grid size dot y and four x from zero to grid size dot x. We are going to set the target position. This is going to be the start position plus an offset along the x axis of x times grid spacing dot x plus an offset along the forward axis times z times grid spacing dot z. Okay. And now that we've got the word target position, so we start from the back left corner, by the way, because we've subtracted vector three to the right, and we've also subtracted vector three to forward. Then we move along the x axis, so boom boom boom boom.Boom. Boom. Boom. k? So now that we've got the target position, we need to store it in our base positions here. And for that, we need to grab our index. So int i will be equals to x plus z times grid size dot x. So if both x and z are equals to zero or equal zero, the index is gonna be zero. If x equals one and z equals zero, we are gonna have one plus zero times blah blah blah and so on. So when we reach our second row, z equals one, but x equals zero. So z equals one. So one times grid size dot x and our grid size dot x is going to be two or four. I think it was two. Right? Where is our cash file? Yeah. Here. Two. So this one is gonna be one then because we do not reach two. So one times two equals two, and one is gonna be equals to zero. So we are gonna jump to the next row successfully. Okay? Then we can sort it. So base positions at index i equals target position. There you go. So now we should have our base positions. What we can do to debug this to make sure that everything is working properly is on the logismus. Gismus dot color equals color dot red, let's say, and or i from zero to, let's say, base positions dot length. We wanna draw that position. So bismus dot draw wires here, base positions at index i, and the radius can be something like dot one maybe, something like that. Alright. Now let's give that a quick shot. let's jump back to the main scene. Let's select our cash file here. Uh, I need to hit play to generate the positions because we do not... we did not generate them yet. And, yep, we can spot them. Perfect. So these are going to be our main positions. If you want to have more, again, you can play with the, um, dingus here, the grid size. So let's say we wanted a four by four. If we hit play again, now we have a four by four grid of points or base positions. Perfect. So let's go on. Let's select our cash file again, two by four, and jump back to our script. We can remove the business. I don't think we're gonna use them. Okay. So now that we've got our base positions, we can actually collapse this method and create another one to get a product grid position depending on an index. So I told you that we were starting from the bottom back corner. So zero one Because, yeah, this is the x axis here. So zero one two  three, four, five, six, seven and these are our eight base positions. So after reaching index seven, so for index eight, we should go back to here, but taking into account our elevation. So let's do private vector three, get, plug it, grid position with index. The elevation index is going to be our index divided by the grid size dot x times grid size dot y. So the amount of positions we have, what you can do is simply use base positions dot length. Okay? So if we are at between zero, sorry, and seven, our elevation index is going to be zero. So we are gonna use the base positions. But once we reach eight, eight divided by eight will give us one, and we are going to multiply this one by brief spacing dot y, which will give us our elevation. So next, we can do float y equals elevation index times grid spacing dot y. Cool. And now we can grab the base position index that we need. So in base position index, just to grab our x and z value here, is going to be the index modelo, our base positions dot length. There you go. And finally, we can return the base positions at index... base position index plus vector three dot up times y. Boom. And just like that, we get our target grid position based on the index. So we can place our cast prefabs accordingly. Nice. I do I do not know why I collapsed this one, but... yeah. By the way, I think I'm gonna expound this one if you wanna have look at it one So now that we've got these two methods, what I wanna do is try this out and try and generate some cash. So let's create a method for that. I'm gonna make it public because we are going to use it from the food serving station later on to generate cash, but for now, I'm gonna test things. So public void generate cash, and we wanna know how much cash we want to generate. So for i from zero to the amount, we are going to grab the target position. So target position is going to be equals to get target grid positions. And in here, it gets a tiny bit tricky. Why? Because we need to know the index we wanna use here for our cash. So what we can do is check how many children we've spawned, or you can keep track of the amount of cash you have in here. I think I'm just gonna follow what's simpler. So transform dot check count. ok? So right now we have zero children. So we are gonna grab the index zero divided by eight. It's only zero, so the elevation is gonna be zero. The base position index is gonna be our zero, the homogeneous eight gives us zero. So we're just gonna grab the first position with no elevation and so on. So now that we've got this target grid position or target position, we can instantiate our cache result, and we wanna instantiate it at the target position with an identity rotation under this transform. This is really important because we use it here to get a target grid position. If you want to have the cache prefabs as children of another transform, please reference it here. Okay. So, uh, we've got these. I'm just gonna do naughty attributes dot button here to s p things out. So void, generate one cache. Okay. So generate cache, one. Perfect. Just to give that a shot. So let's check our cache file here. Uh, I think we can hit play. No need to generate that, uh, in the editor. Okay? So let's generate. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Okay. One. Let's check that out. Maybe I missed it. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Yeah. These are perfect. What about the second row now? Let's generate. Generate. Generate. Yeah. That's perfect. Okay. There you go. Awesome. Nice. Okay. So now our cash file is working perfectly. In the next one, let's learn how we can generate cash from the food serving station after serving customers. See you in the next one.