Listen, we are going to use the cash pile created in the previous one to generate cash from the food serving station. So for that, we are going to need to open our food serving station script, this one, and reference our cash pile. So let's drop it somewhere around here. Boom, private, cash pile, cash pile. Perfect. So now let's try and generate cash on this cash pile. Where do you think we are going? to generate cash. Well, again, you're free to decide. What I've done in my case is generate the cash when serving the customers. So right here, we've got our customer, we pop the food. So maybe just before popping our food here, we can do cash file that generate cash and maybe generate one piece of cash. And in here, it's going to be a bit more interesting later on because characters will be upgradable like the player and the workers can be upgraded and we can actually upgrade the revenue they can generate when serving customers. This is why knowing which character is serving is going to be important later on. But for now we can simply do one or maybe let's let's do two maybe. Yeah, let's be gentle. So let's now jump back to unity. All right, let's select our cashier station. And where is our cash file somewhere around here. Perfect. Let's now hit play. All right. So let's grab some cups. let's drop them there okay serve the customers please thank you there you go two pieces of cash for one cup two dollars come on it's cheaper than starbucks okay so now that we've got this think we can actually uh try and collect the cash because we can't collect it yet i can just hide in it maybe the tower is tall enough i won't be visible yet let's wait for that Almost there, almost there. Hey, can you find me now? No, you can't because I'm hidden in the cash. No, I'm not. Here I am. Sorry, I had to do that joke. Anyway, I've just disabled the machine brain. I think you can spot that in here. You could have spotted it. Anyway, let's now collect the cash. So for that, we are going to open our cash piles. script right here. And what we're going to do is actually use the onTriggerEnter method. So maybe after we can actually do this, this here, and do something like onTriggerEnter, and check if the that has triggered this cash pile is the player. For that we can use the player controller script because this is the only character that has the player controller script. So if other.tryget component out player controller layer, then we're going to return because we do not we did not find that component. Otherwise, we're going to animate the cash to layer, okay, and we can pass in the transform and finally collect the cash. So let's start by animating the cash to the player. Boom, we can do that, thank you. To animate the cash to the player, I don't want to go over a certain duration, because if we've got so much cash... that it's going to take 10 minutes well it's not fun so for that i'm going to set up a duration so the maximum duration of the animation will be two seconds let's say so from that we can calculate a delay so delay step be equals to duration divided by transform.childcount. Okay, so this is a float, make sure that this is a float, because the duration is a float here. Otherwise, we would have integer values for our delays. step. Once we have this, we can actually clump it. And again, it's fully optional here. It's just how I've managed to collect the cash here. So delay step will be equals to mathf.minimum between the delay step and 0.01f. I don't want the delay step to be lower than this one, even if it takes more than two seconds. Otherwise, it's not going to be fun or nice to watch. but again you can decide to do it in another way. From there we can animate the cash from the top to the bottom. So we are going to have a loop but in the opposite direction. So forward with two Rs. r's there you go so uh from i from the length is going to be transformed the child count minus one until it's greater than zero i minus minus there you go so transform the cash is going to be transform.getChild.index i. Okay, then let's do float delay is going to be transform.childcount minus one minus i and this multiplied by our delay. So delay step. delay step okay perfect and now that we've got this again you can decide to clamp it or not for it to take as much time as you want so let's come up it equals mathf. min between the delay and the duration. And finally, we can animate it. And to animate it, I've decided to create an arc animator script that we're going to create in a moment. But you can use lean tween, you can use do twin you can actually just move it in a coroutine right inside of this script but because so many elements in our game are going to use the same animation so moving along an arch uh yep i've decided to do so So, so arc animator dot animate. And in here, we're going to pass in the cash that we want to animate. We are going to pass in the tail transform. So transform. We are going to pass. the duration of the animation, so .f, let's pass in the delay, let's also pass in the elevation of our arch, let's do maybe three units, and finally the callback when the cash has reached. the destination so the callback here can be handle cash uh moved along arc okay so let's pass in the cash.gameobject because we're simply going to delete it and maybe increment the uh cash of the player. Let's do this first. Private void handle cash game object cash. Let's do currency manager. instance dot add currency and in here we can add two because we are gentle again we are generous and finally we can destroy our cash the game object perfect so we only need our arc animator here and the collect cash method. So when making the course, I've done two things in the collect cash method, but now I'm thinking that it doesn't need to be like that. So later on, we are basically just going to save. we need to do we need to save the amount of cash we have now in our cash pile because all of the cash piles will be saveable they are going to have a guid generator component here attached to them so that we can save their data and the player and find the same amount of cash that he had previously, before leaving the game. So the only thing left, I guess, is creating our arc animator. So for that, we're going to jump back to Unity, scripts, utilities. I think I could have added that as an utility in the starter file, but yeah, let's code it from scratch. Let's open our script, there you go, and let's implement it. So first off, we need it to be a single tone. So public static. animator instance there you go so let then awake and stuff okay um perfect and remember we've got a static method called in here so we need to create that public static animate and let's pass in multiple things here avoid by the way yeah i was like why is it yellow so animate what should we pass it let's grab the cash file drop it here just so that we can spot what we are passing as arguments so we've got the object we want to animate so game object let's do go maybe the game object we want to animate it's not a game object, I think it's a transform. Yeah, the cash here is a transform. So transform, go, then we're going to have the target, so transform, target. After that, we are going to have the duration of the animation, so float. duration. We are going to have the delay, float, delay, then I told you the height of the arch, so float, height, and finally the callback. Oh, come on, action, callback. or complete callback. Okay? Well, yeah, something like that. So using system, there you go, and at this point, we can now call an internal method. So instance. . animate, internal, and pass in all of the things that we want to use for the animation. So go target duration delay height and complete callback. there you go let's now create this boy i think we can now grab the cash pile and drop it here so that we can better spot our arc animator scripts let's put it just before it because i like to have the static methods at the bottom bottom. OK, thank you. And in here, we can start a coroutine for our animations. So start coroutine, and passing all of the things we need to use, so move along arc. arc is in french i think i should have called it arch yeah sorry so go target duration delay height and complete callback boom so we can now generate this corgi boom boom It's going to be private i enumerator nume-ractor system collections, of course. Boom. And we're good to go. Okay. So let's implement our coroutine now. The first thing that is... obvious is our delay here so we can wait for that delay so yield return new wait four seconds delay perfect then we can check if the object or the goal is null if that's the case we can just exit the coroutine. Maybe we can, yeah, after the delay, it might, something might have happened. It can happen, I don't know. So if our go equals no, we are simply going to call it. complete callback and yield break. This is how we exit coroutines. Then let's create a timer and move along the arch using that timer. So float, timer equals zero. Vector3 start position is going to be go.position. I think, yeah, the go here reminds me of game object, so I want to use game object every time. game object. So let's rename this one T. Yeah, it's not a timer, just transform. Trans? Transform? Obj? I don't know, it's bothering me. So maybe T. Yeah. Okay, there you go. So now we've got the start position of our arch. So while our duration is sorry, while our timer is less than the duration, what do we want to do? Well, first off, let's increment our timer, time.deltaTime, and yield return null, there you go, and now we can do the actual logic inside of here. So to move along the arch here, we are going to use a sine wave. And for that we need a percent so that we can use that percent along the sine wave. So float, let's say percent is going to be Iver. divided by the duration. Now that we've got this percent, we can calculate the position. So vector3 pos equals vector3.lerp between the start, the pocket.position. and our percent here. Finally, we can elevate that position using a sine wave. So, pos.y plus equals mathf.sin. or for sinus percent times math f dot pi times height. Again, just a quick note here. I like math. you don't want to use something as complicated as this, please feel free to use a library for that. So there you go. Then we can do t.position equals plus. Okay, I think we are done for the loop now. So the only thing left is to call the callback. So let's do t.position equals the target.position, just to make sure that it's reached the destination. And complete callback invoke. I just want to add a side note here. If some of you did not understand this, I'm going to try and explain it in a way, in another way using a graph. It's going to be simpler. So let's set up the first thing. We've got our duration D. say we want to animate in two seconds okay so we've got b then we've got our timer t t is going to be equals to let's say uh zero at start and then we can move it we are going to move it from zero to d. Can we do that? Yep, we can. So from zero to two. After that, we get a percent. Remember, this percent right here. And sorry for your eyes. So p is going to be equals to t divided by d. This is our percent here, boom, from zero to one. Now we can use this along with a sine wave for the elevation. Remember, we've got this sinus here, percent times pi multiplied by our height. So is going to be our added y we can use it here let's say y or maybe e for elevation equals i don't know if you can use this equals one can we yep we can so the elevation is going to equals to sine of our person so p times pi so pi oh come on what's the error here is it like yeah it's in a lower case I am the height. Our height is 3. Okay, so now what we can do is, position.y equals not f. sign yeah i think i'm going to use y for that it's going to make more sense so y equals this so right now it's equal to zero because one where is it one one one we've got one here So one times my seems pi equals zero, but at zero, it's also going to be zero. But if I increase it, you can see that it's going to go up to our height. So three, and then move down to display. that we could have done sinus x here. And what we're using is actually just this part from zero to one here. Okay. I hope it's a bit clearer. If not, please let me know in the comment section. gonna try and explain it in another way. So what's cool now is that we can animate our cash. So let's jump back to Unity. We need our animator, of course. So let's do right. Right click, create another one, Arc Animator. Right click reset, Arc Animator, there you go. And maybe we can drop it in, not managers, but I want to create a new section. maybe others. Okay, so we can remove everything that's in here, drop the thingy here, trash is going to be in gameplay, and yeah, let's hit play. All right, let's wait for some customers to come. and collect and generate some cash. Maybe we can increase this time setting here. Uh-huh. So one, let's try and collect the cash now. what the heck did just happen? what? where is our player? player, where are you? what the heck? we don't have any controller anymore oh we got the player but why did what why did the player jump i'm genuinely shocked wait did we pass the player first, but we got T here. T target. Okay. Where is our cash file? Oh gosh. So cash, I made cash to player. This is going to be. word player transform. Oh, now it's clear. Oh shoot. So transforming here, transforming here, transforming here, transforming here. and player transform. Anyway, sorry for that, let's hit play. I'm literally crying. Ah, it's still the morning, it's 8 in the morning, come on, I started this too early I think today. Anyway, let's just... come on, why are you shaking? So boom, there you go, that's way better. Okay, fine. So, we are getting some quick issues that we need to fix in here. Okay. I think that cash generated while we were collecting more cash. Yeah, of course, this is what happened. And to fix... i see two solutions in our cash file here uh what we can do is unparent all of the cash elements when uh animating that but we need to store them somewhere if we want to unparent them or maybe turn them into children of a specific game object under the cash pile so that they can be collected maybe that's one possibility or when making the course what i used is an index. So let's use that method. I think it's easier to understand. So inside of here, we've got an index, that index right here is going to be used to generate the cash here. This is I think I told you that when the previous lesson or maybe in this one. So inside of here, we are not going to use transform.childcount because we might already be collecting some cash. Instead, I'm going to use i plus index, and this index is going to be incremented inside of here. index plus equals amount. Every time we generate cash, we want to increment the index. But when we collect all of the cash, and this is why our collect cash method was useful, I'm going to remove it from here. But what we can do is index equals zero just reset the index so that we can spawn new cash at basic positions at new positions we're not going to use this offset anymore okay so i think this should fix it let's hit play and if it works we can call it a lesson, because this one is a bit too long, and we had a good lot at least. Okay, so let's speed up things. Boom, let's say one, there you go. Oh, come on, I hate these. nav mesh issues here there you go yeah now the cash is away is um placing itself in a way better way in a way better way there you go noise i haven't spotted if the cash was incrementing here but it should be. Yep, that's the case. Cool. Perfect. So now that we are able to collect cash, I think that in the next one, what we can do is save it. Should we save it already or jump to the progression? I think we can save that or add cash to the tables when the users eat. Yeah.