in this lesson we are going to save our cache five states so that the player can find he's caching back when he comes back. So let's open our cache file script. There you go. Inside of here, what I want to do first is add a GUID generator, because as I've told you, so many elements will have cache files. The station here will have a cache file. has the tables are also going to have cache piles with their own grid make sure that we keep this in mind so so so let's use it here so require component type of grid generator okay so we can already have it here here. components private duid generator duid generator thank you we can store it in awake equals get component of type duid generator thank you okay that's the first step next we're going to be using my save system that I've explained how to make in another course. So using tabseal.sigil. Then I want to be saved. Let's implement the interface. So we've got a load and save method in here. Thank you. Let's expand these two. I don't know why I keep expanding. collapsing, I actually want you to be able to spot them whenever you want. So now that we've got our two methods here, just in case if it hasn't been loaded, we're going to load it. So private bool load it. Why? Because later on our cache pipe is going to be disabled. it's unlocked but cg calls the load method of every i want to be saved component let's say at start so if it's not loaded let's load this one oh that's the first step then as i told you whenever we collect cache, we want to save what happens. So save if the player has collected, but we also want to save after generating cache. So what we can do here, and I'll explain that later on, bool save equals true. If we want to save, let's save. But why wouldn't we want to save at some point? Well, remember, at some point, we call the load method and loading the cache pile means generating some cache. So we don't want to load, so generate cache and save again. It doesn't make any sense because we've grabbed we've grabbed from the save actually so here we are when we're going to generate hash the save is going to be false okay we don't want to save just generate so let's start by saving saving is going to be super easy c tilde save we want to save from this gui generator and save the index, the index that we've used earlier. This is what's most important here. And loading is going to be loaded equals true, just to prevent loading twice. If cgl.tryload this and the key is going to be guid generator.guid out object index with a lowercase i please. Thank you. Then we can return because it means that we haven't been able to load anything. Nothing has been found for this specific guid. Other than that, we can actually use the int value of our index. Okay, so this is everything we need, I think. We can already try this out. We already have CDO in our scene and make sure that it is not a child of any other game object. Let's hit play. Okay. so now if we select our cache file i don't think we've added the gui generator so maybe it has been added automatically a cache file yep it has been added automatically but what i want to do is select it and actually add that cache file what did we change in here nothing has changed The cache path has been added to the pre-tab, right? Yep, it has. Perfect. Anyway, we will need to generate more duits later on. So let's hit play. Alright, I'm going to get some cups to speed things up. Boom. Let's start the customers. There you go. So how many cache do we have? Let's wait for that to complete actually. Boom. So we've got two rows, maybe three. I think it's three rows. One, two, three. So let's now exit, come back, and we still have three rows. Perfect. Boom. Let's collect them, exit, come back, and... Nothing here. Perfect. Everything works perfectly. So now that the cache pile is working as expected, and we are also saving its data in the next one, let's start our progression thingy. We're going to try and unlock elements. Okay. See you in the next one. you