Welcome back guys in this lesson we are finally going to unlock stuff and the first thing we are going to try and unlock is this teeny tiny table right here so first off we need to create our locked element so let's right click create an empty game object and call it locked element there you go so i'm going to create the visuals quite fast because they are not that important actually it's easy to understand if you've got some unity knowledge which you should have because this is an intermediate course okay so first things first i want to create an anime This is the thing we're going to do. to use to animate all of the locked elements not the things that we are going to unlock the things that we're going to unlock are going to be under unlocked elements and just a quick note here this is an approach different than the one i've used in the course so i might mess up some things from time to day but i want to experiment this method because when making the course the locked element was a child of the thing we wanted to unlock so for instance the table but this time i want i think it's more clever or it makes more sense to have the locked element as the parent and the unlocked element as the child anyway it goes so the adding here will have a canvas so ui ui ui ui canvas right here because i don't want to use the toolkit right now so let's create a canvas the canvas will be in world space so let's do world space right here thank you let's keep these values and for the sizes or the transform you're going to do zero zero zero one just elevate it a tiny bit so that we don't have z fighting with the ground and for the size let's do two by two and rotate it a bit so maybe 19 minus 90. so this is our canvas that way the up vector is this way, and we can have all of the elements in the right orientation. Okay, after that, we're going to have a container. So UI image, okay, it might be a bit too big, so let's stretch it, thank you. And let's use our square 50 image right here, not this one, this is the 50, okay. And the pixels per unit can be 256. Nice. For the color, I'm going to use something like that-ish. Mm-hmm. Yeah, maybe a bit lighter. Actually, we can change that later on. Okay? So yeah, let's keep that for later on. Nice. So now that we get our color. container. We're going to create the fill image. So UI image. Okay, again, let's stretch it. Thank you. For this one, we're going to use the square 40 right here. Again, the pixels per unit is not going to be used because we don't want the image type to be sliced here. We want it to be field, and we are going to fill it vertically. Okay, let's tackle this, yeah, from the bottom, perfect. So right now it doesn't match the curvature here because we are going to use an outline. What if we use the square field? Why do I use the square? Okay, this one field, vertical, bottom, yeah. Same issue here. So we are indeed going to use this one, or maybe this one. Is that better? Oh, it's closer to perfect. I think that we can actually use a square. A pure square actually. Can't we? I think it would make more sense. Yeah, there you go. That's better. Okay, so let's change the color to yellowish, okay, then we're going to create our vertical layout to hold our data. And by the way, our container here needs to hold a mask. So let's add a mask component so that we have the curvature here. bottom okay so this is our field image let's now create the outline so image again let's rename this one outline uh it's already no we need to stretch it let's use square 50 but the outline this time and the pixels per unit can be 192 Okay, what if we use 256? Yeah, I think it's not, the line of our outline is not wide enough. So 150, let's use 150, but we are going to expand it a tiny bit, so maybe minus... dot one too much that's too much okay and the mask is also interfering with this so we don't want that so we're going to do minus dot zero one remove the mask from here actually let's remove this mask here i don't like it we're going to change the image here to square 40. okay field, thank you. And now we can play with the outline as we wish. So minus zero, two, yep, seems good. Okay, maybe a tiny bit, tiny bit more, or, okay, nice, that's better, way better. okay perfect we can now create our vertical layout so let's right click and create an empty game object let's go to vertical layouts we're going to move it just before the outline so that the outline renders at the end vertical layout group let's control the field width and height and we are now going to add our price text so it's going to be ui canvas text text pro this is going to be our price text and we're also going to have the icon for our dollars so icon where's our cache here we go let's preserve the aspect and for the price here, I want to do something like 256 just to try it out without the enter. Okay, so I can't spot it yet. To be able to spot it, I think that I need to diminish this font size here. Okay, that's better. And we're also going to center it. Thank you. But what the heck is it doing here? The height is so small. So what we will do is select both of our boys here and add a layout element with a preferred height of, let's say, two. Okay, so that they both have the same height. Then we want the price text to actually be a bit, to occupy a bit. space so maybe three okay so now the phone size can be a bit bigger okay of course you can use other size here and set a minimum of maybe not one and a maximum of one so uh how will that look like at least dot five. So from dot five to one. Okay, so now if we do nine, that's nice. Okay, so 256. So I think that we've got all of our elements working perfectly now. I'm just going to play around with this value here. What we can do is also add an app. outline to our price text. Do I have that column? Yeah, I do have the material. Perfect. That's better. Okay, okay, okay, so we've got our fill image, we can play with that. Unlocked! And yep, we're good to go. So now the visuals are well set. next one let's add the first bits of logic see you there 