Welcome back guys in this lesson we are going to add logic to our locked element right here so let's create the script associated with it gameplay boom boom boom locked element let's attach it to our element here and open it. So we know that we've got a text. So using TmPro, we've got UI elements using UnityEngine.ui. These are the simple things that we're going to use. We're also going to save stuff here. We will need to save the price. the left element at what state he has reached so using that's the city okay so just add let's just add the libraries here and then we can proceed so the first thing we're going to do is initialize the price so elements serialize field private next dimension pro u gui because we are dealing with a gui and the price test okay so we also need an initial price settings serialized field private int initial price ah there you go better okay so in awake what we can do is set the current price to be the initial price we will need a current price okay because at some point the player is going to be triggering the element and diminishing the price or unlocking that element so the price will diminish now in the awake method we can do is do something like current price equals initial price and price text.text equals current price.toString okay nice so we could try this out but come on we know that this is going to work it's really simple the next thing i want is to animate the locked element while when the player triggers it. So let's add a reference to our anim thingy. So transform anim. So this is going to be used on trigger enter. So on trigger enter, we are also going to need on trigger exit to also scale it down or animate it again when the player exits. trigger and in here we can check is the thing that has collided with us a player or maybe does it have a certain ability an ability to unlock stuff or not so if other the try get component out a ability, this is an ability we are going to add like in a moment, but some users will be able to pay stuff some others won't be able to do it's like we've done for the whole dish ability. And if you use this logic, you can allow certain workers to pay or unlock stuff. task if you feel that you've got enough cash you can create another agent let's say a robot for instance that can pay or unlock new tables new stations and so on okay so i'm not gonna do that in that course but it could be a nice exercise for you so payability uh ability uh if we can't find it we're going to return but if we can't find it we're going to animate our enemies so let's call the scale up method and in here same thing boom but we are going to scale down you guessed it private void scale up. And we use credit, boil, scale, delve. Okay, there you go. Nice. So let's now create our playability script, but we are not going to implement it right now. So let's do gameplay script abilities. it makes more sense to have it here all right so let's add this ability to our player now they are here payability okay so now the player has the ability so it should be detected by the locked element uh so what we can do is just implement our two methods so link that cancel and in the game object link win that scale and in that game object and we are going to scale it to let's say vector three vector 3.1 i want a space here thank you times 1.2f and maybe And to scale down, same thing, or maybe we can add an easing tool. SetEaseLinTwinType.EaseOutCubic. Boom. We can do the same thing when scaling down. Let's scale it down to vector3.1 of . course and use the same easing okay let's jump back to unity now uh do we need to reference stuff yeah of course so let's set the price to 100 let's reference our adding thingy and the price let's now hit play okay so the price has been initialized, and we should be able to scale it down, up and down. No, we can't. So please let me know why. Think about it. Don't let me know. Just think about why we can't trigger this point here. One, two, three. Of course, we forgot to add a... slider to that boy if we add a box collider and set it as a trigger maybe let's say two by two something like that now we should be able to trigger it yeah we can okay so let's not forget about adding box colliders so let's copy the component and paste it right now where's my boy here So, Facebook is new. Thank you. There you go. Alright, so now the next thing we are going to do is use the pay ability that we just created to try and decrease the amount we need to pay. Okay, so let's try and do that. The first thing we're going to do is jump back. our locked element here and add another trigger on trigger stay of course when the player is staying inside of the left element so we just want to make sure that this is the player okay otherwise we need to return is the player moving so if payability dot is moving, we're gonna return. We don't want the player to be able to pay while moving, we might just be passing by. Then we're going to set up a value for the animation duration. So let's say whole animation duration. One second, I want the animation to last for one second if the initial price or if the current price equals the initial price if let's say we've unlocked half of the element i want it to be half of that duration so this is why i've got the whole animation duration our animation duration will be a fraction of this So it's going to be whole animation duration multiplied by the person left to pay. So float, current price divided by the initial price. You got it? We can do something like this. So now that we get our animation duration, we can do frame. duration. So we must have a seal to int the animation duration multiplied by the target frame rate. So application, the target frame rate. And then we can max it the frame duration should be a maximum of one. Otherwise, we might have some issues later on to calculate the cache per frame, the cache that we need to collect per frame to achieve this animation duration. So frame duration is going to be equal to math f dot max frame duration and let's say one second. Okay, now we can calculate how much cash we should grab from the player per frame so cash per frame is going to be equal to math f dot cl to it again floats uh current price divided by the frame duration okay and by the way sorry the frame duration here is how many frames we are going to need to achieve this duration. Okay, I hope this is clear. Now that we know the cache per frame, on this frame, when the onTriggerStay is called, we can call the payability and tell it to pay this specific locked element with the cache per frame. Okay, and of course, keep in mind that I've tried and make it really specific and clean. But what you can do if you want something really simple on trigger state, either there isn't moving, you can simply go pay, do you pay one or two or three or four, you decide or certain amount you can actually calculate the maximum between the minimum between your value if it's four and the current price so that you never go you never tell the payability to pay more than what's needed okay so let's now implement our property here and the method so we can actually do alt enter and alt enter. Boom. Come on. There you go. So it's going to be public, blue, dash per frame, and locked element. Alright, so let's start with the is moving thingy here. Inside of here we can return character controller with a lowercase C. dot velocity, dot magnitude, is greater, let's say, than dot one f. Okay, our payability is definitely going to be linked to a character controller at some point. So, require component, type of character controller. him away character controller oh i need to create a character so components private character controller character controller and our character controller is going to be equals to get components character controller thank you nice so this is Now we know if the player is moving or not. Then we are going to increment or implement the pay ability here. So first off, we need to know how much we need to pay. It's going to be the minimum between the cash per frame and the current money that we get. so int 2k is going to be equal to math f dot minimum between the cash per frame and the money that we've got can be grabbed from the currency manager currency manager instance but uh do i have coin no i think it's currency yeah perfect So now we know how much we need to pay, or can pay actually. If we don't have any cash, if to pay is less or equal to zero, we are simply going to return. Let's not do anything. Otherwise, we are going to remove that cash to pay from the currency manager's currency. So currency manager, that instance. dot add currency minus to pay that way we remove the cash from our wallet then we can tell the look element to collect that amount so collect cash let's say to pay there you go and just like that the logic the left element to be unlocked or actually to collect the cache should be good from this side, but I'm gonna go one step further because we already have the arc animator and create some cache to be animated towards the left element. So what we're gonna do is simply animate the cache to let's say a target and we are going to pass in the target. So locked element.gameProject. Cool. Okay, so let's now create this method. Okay, we will definitely need our cache thingy. So elements, serialized field, private. game object cache prefab okay and inside of here what we want to do is call our arc animator but first of all we need to instantiate our cache object so game object cache object and here's going to be our locked element, or we can simply call it target, yeah. Target, and I think we're also going to use transform, yeah. So transform. It's better because our arc animator takes a transform, the static method takes a transform here, okay? So the cache object will be equal to instantiate... our cache prefab, and we can see the instantiate at our position, so the position of the player. And we need the quaternion of identity, by the way. We need to specify the rotation. Okay. So now that we've got our cache object, we can call the art animator, that animate, and we need to to animate our cache.transform, cache object.transform. The target is the target, the duration is going to be .2f, delay 0f, and the height, let's do 2. Okay, finally the callback will be destroy cache object. Okay, nice. So now we let's implement the collectCache method, or create it first. So public void collectCache. And in here we can simply call this one amount. So collecting the cache is quite simple, I think you already know how to do that you're used to collect cash all to the current price minus equals amount that's the first step then we want to update our visuals and it's going to be the field image the text and i don't think uh we'll check if we got more in this and currentPrice is less or equal to zero, we are just going to unlock our locked element. And later on, we are going to save. Okay, so let's create the updateVisuals method and the unlock method. Okay, and you know what? It bothers me that it's between the trigger methods, so I'm just going to drop them here. Yeah, makes a bit more sense. Perfect. Okay, so let's first update our visuals here. First off, we can do priceText, but text equals currentPrice. string, that's quite simple to do. But just before that, what I want to do is update our fill image, that fill image right there. I don't think we've added a reference to it yet. So let's do that really quickly. We are going to do serialized field. Oh, serializable again. private image feel image. Thank you. So now in the update visuals, we can do something like feel amount and calculate it. It's gonna be float current price divided by the initial price. And this gives us a percent. So as the current price goes down on, the fill amount is going to go down. So if we keep it as easy, we're going to start from one and go towards zero. So the fill image is going to decrease. That's not what we want, we want to invert it. So one minus this point. And I'm just going to add practices, even though start from the division. Anyway, fillImage.value or fillAmount. FillAmount equals fillAmount. What you could also have done here is use LeanTwin to animate the fillImageAmount. So the fillAmount, this one here. It could have been cleaner, maybe you can just bump it. so on. Okay. Now we can unlock our locked element. But for now I'm just going to debug something because unlocking means doing multiple things that we might do in the next one. That's my key talking here. Okay, anyway, so debug.log unlocked. Yay! So let's jump back to Unity, reference some stuff, and see if it works properly. All right, let's check our left element here. Fill image, there you go. And I think we can just hit start. It was fast, it was fast. gonna do is grab the uh element maybe move it out of the way somewhere around here and they also need to assign some some stuff to the payability here i forgot that dude okay so cash where is my boy let's lock the inspector prefabs uh no no i think it was Pinty here. Yep, yep, yep, yep, cache, there you go. This is our cache object. Let's now hit play. Okay, what is happening in here has been destroyed? What? Is that because I have the inspector locked? Okay, let's try again. Okay. Sometimes you get weird errors in your teeth, don't worry about it. Okay, so now what I can do is, I'm going to move it out of the way. I don't like where it is now. So I'm just going to move it here, so that we can spot what happens. What's happening? Okay. Yay! unlocked, awesome! It's working as expected. So I don't like how this boy is shaking here, but we might fix that later on. Okay, so now our unlocked element is unlocked. What we are going to do in the next one is add more logic to our unlocked method right here. See you next time.