Welcome back guys in this lesson we are going to complete our unlocking loop. So in this one we are actually going to unlock our first table right here. Okay, so here's what we're going to do. First off, I want to grab that table. Okay, and we are going to have one issue. That's the first one we are going to encounter because I've changed the logic It's quite different from what I've done in the course. So in the course we've got the table manager in here grabbing the tables Get components in children I'm afraid I'm not sure this is going to work but anyway I'm sure we are going to figure that out okay so let's grab the first lock element and put it as a child of the table matter this is going to be the first table and let's say and if all that elements of healthy the first table we don't want it to be visible at start. The second important thing is to put it at 00 or actually not at 00. maybe just in front of it. I'm going to enable it so I can spot it, because I don't want the player to unlock the element. So if it's at the center, and we've got the player unlocking the element, the player is going to be stuck in the table. We might get unlocked quite easily, but it's not beautiful. So we're just going to move it somewhere. around here. Okay? So now what we can do is grab our unlocked element, disable it, grab the first table, and put it somewhere around here. Um, it's going to make sense. I don't like where it is, so maybe somewhere around here. Here makes more sense. Okay, so the table is going to be somewhere around there. Yep, true. Okay, so let's actually move it maybe here. Let's switch to top view. There you go. We can actually select this table too and put it there. Nice. Okay, so we can now disable the un- elements finally let's check if we get some errors if we remove the three other tables the other three tables sorry let's hit play and see if the table manager can detect that table or not let's hurry up a tiny bit more so one okay served. So they can't move or do we have enough caps? Okay, so the customer do have enough caps, but we are not able to find a table. So that's perfect. That's exactly what we want. If we unlock this, it's not gonna work because it needs to store them at start. So it's not perfect actually. Because let's say let's switch to debug mode. Yeah, the tables equals zero. We don't want that. What we want is the table manager storing the tables, but only allowing customers to go towards an unlocked table. or not i hope it is if not please leave a comment in the comment section so here is what we can do in our table manager let's open our table manager script if we haven't looked at unity's documentation get components in children grab the children recursively. As you can see here, it checks the game object on which it is called first and then recurses downwards through all child game objects using a depth first search until it matches the component and so on. But our game objects are inactive and by default it's not going to grab them. What we can do is only the active target objects as it's written here are included in the search unless you call the method with the include inactive parameter set to true. So this is what we're going to do. Our include inactive is going to be set to true. Okay? That way we can grab the tables. But now we need to check if we get a first... empty table so we are going to add another condition maybe the first condition actually so if tables at index i the game object that's active in hierarchy if it's not active in hierarchy we're going to continue so let's now give that a shot All right, let's hit play and keep the debug mode active. I just want to check if the table has been stored or not. So table manager, yeah, the table has been stored. That's perfect. So let's now move faster. Thank you. Let's grab this cache here. customers. Okay, so the table is inactive. Right now let's enable it boom and they can move towards it. That's perfect. Nice. That's exactly what we want. So now I'm gonna wait for them to know another way that's perfect behavior that we expect. So the tables are being stored, and we can grab them or use them once they are enabled. Nice. So now in our locked element script, we can implement our unlocked method. The first thing we're going to do is a quick precaution, actually, current price equals zero, just to make sure that it has been set to zero. Then... we can hide the visual elements. So anime, anime.gameobject.selective false. Anime is a gameobject.selective.transform. So we need a gameobject here. After that, we can display our unlocked elements, so the table in our case. So if unlocked elements... do we have no we did not specify them yet so let's do that okay thank you elements now so if it is not null if it's different than null we want to display them so elements.selective true. Okay, perfect. And maybe as a precaution, as start or in the awake method, we can hide these. So maybe somewhere around here, we can simply say false. Okay, perfect. And we only want to display them if they're unlocked. We're going to load. the data using CDL. You know that, I told you that earlier. Okay, so where's our unlock method? Yeah, right here. So after that, it's simply going to be animating the table or the unlock elements. So maybe animate the unlock elements, maybe play some titles. And finally, really important saving. Okay. So let's try that. Okay, so first table, l-l-l-l unlocked elements. Thank you. I think we're good to do that. go. So let's hit play. By the way, do we have enough cash or not? Because we are purchasing for a good moment now. 800, okay. So, yay! Thank you! I did not notice if we had 831. that again. We should have 731 now. Okay, so now 631, please. Yep, that's perfect. Awesome. Okay, so everything is now working perfectly. We are now able to unlock tables, we can unlock more stuff. Should we save now or in the next one? I think we can do that because it's quite simple to implement. And later on we can add the particles and so on. So let's implement sigil. I want to be saved. Please save me. Okay, load. So let's start with the save method in here because it's the simplest one. Okay, so we know that we want to save stuff. It's a locked element, and we are going to have a bunch of locked elements in our game. What does that mean? Each one needs a unique identifier. So let's do again, require component type of GUID generator. Okay, so we can do... confidence private GUID generator, GUID generator, okay, and our GUID generator is going to be equals to getComponent.ofcarb image. No, just kidding, getGuitGenerator. Whoa, how impressive is that? that. Anyway, so now we get our GUID generator, we are able to save our data using that GUID. So string GUID is going to be GUID generator.getComponent.guid. Okay, so if the current price is greater than zero, we still the player to come and pay to unlock this element so we are going to save the current price okay so cjo save uh we want to save this and the key here is going to be something like do it plus let's say current price but you know what i'm gonna use a string so that it is cleaner. Let's call this one current price key. And what we want to save is the current price. Okay. Otherwise, the current price is zero, it should not be negative. So ctl that save this, do it, and true. Let's simply save true. been unlocked. So what we can do is grab this boy inside of here we can do private constant string this equals something like locked elements current price. Nice. Okay, so we are now saving, we just need to call the same method in here when unlocking our left element, and in here when collecting some cache. Okay. Yep, I think we have to go. So now let's implement our load method. method. But first off, here's what we're gonna do. Again, in the stop method, if we haven't loaded, we want to call the load method. Okay, just in case because later on, of course, you know that we are going to have progression and our element script with the game object will be disabled. So it won't able to call the load method when cdo calls the load method uh so let's have a boolean private boole loaded and after loading uh where is it yeah in here loaded equals true Okay, so again, the first thing we can do is grab the GUID, boom, and check if cgl.trialload. We are first going to check if the lock element has been unlocked, because if that's the case, we don't need to update the visuals or set the current... price so it's going to be quite faster in this case this give it an out object let's say uh underscore unlocked like that like so if we get something it means it means that it is unlocked because we don't save anything if it's not unlocked If it is, we save true. So what we can simply do is call the unlock method. Boom. Just like that. Otherwise, we want to check if we got a current price or not. So if cjl.tryload this viewit plus current price key. Out object is going to be current price in this case, so if we can find a current price, what we're going to do is set the current price equals int underscore current price, just to initialize it, and after that update our visuals. Thank you. That's it. That's everything we need in here. So let's give that a shot. Let's go back to jump back to unity table manager. We don't need to reference anything in here. All right, let's just pay a tiny bit. Okay, 86. So we got 86 here. Let's just it, come back, the GUI generator has been added automatically, that's fine, that's perfect. Okay, so it has not been saved. Why? Because I think that the GUI generator has been added after I've done something, so... Okay, I'm gonna try that again. Now it should work. 72. Let's hit play. 72. There you go. That's better. So if you don't want to experience this issue, please add the grid generator on your own. Okay. And just again, make sure that all of the locked elements have a different grid. Okay. Really important. OK, so let's now unlock. Boom, thank you. So now if we exit and come back, we should see the table unlocked. I hope it's gonna work. Yay! Awesome! We are now able to unlock tables, or anything that we want. um that's fine that's perfect i'm just thinking about one little tiny thing i'm gonna tell you right now okay so yeah that's perfect we've got yeah we've anticipated that the table has navmesh obstacles but that's not the case for our station right here the station render has box collider, but we do not have a navmesh obstacle. We should bake the navmesh without this thingy and add a navmesh obstacle. It would be better because this is also going to be unlockable. But yeah, I guess we can handle that when adding progression. we are kind of ready to add progression in the next lesson yep let's start progression see you next