Welcome back guys in this lesson, we are going to start tackling progression. Okay, so in this one, I think we're going to take it easy and do some setup before starting to code in the next one. So the first thing we are going to do is remove the workers for now we don't want them because we want the setup to be as simple as possible so first off i think that we need to set up our speed here so let's apply this change to the prefab perfect and nothing in here nice so let's now remove our workers from here Okay, let's select the worker manager and clean our list too. Nice. And then here is what we're going to do. So right now we only have one locked element, which is our first table. We're going to turn it into a prefab. So prefabs, gameplay, or maybe do I have table stuff? Yeah, thank you. So this is our first table locked element nice let's keep it here we want to create two more locked elements in this setup session we want to turn our cashier station into a locked element and the coffee station should also be a locked element so let's do that right away start with the cashier station so we can grab it so let's select our cashier station but the station render not the coffee cashier station because the render here is the one that has a box collider which is not a trigger we can enable our navmesh to check this out and we're going to add enough obstacle boom let's carve the nav mesh thank you and now if we select our nav mesh surface uh where is our boy here we can bake it again but what happens here if we move our cashier station it remembers these two things that have been carved we need to remove these so one thing we can do is select our navmesh surface and instead of using the render meshes for the geometry we can use the physics colliders now if we bake again seems like we've removed our two colliders from here if we move the capture station indeed we don't have them anymore but there is one point we need to note here we don't have a nav mesh surface on this terrain anymore so one fix you could have is adding a mesh collider or box collider to this terrain now if we bake it again surface boom now we are able to have enough surface in here which is in the same way level seems like so that's perfect but yeah we've got some traders to do here okay so um one thing i think we're going to use this solution here because it makes more sense we only want colliders to have to affect the nav mesh. So let's grab our terrains here. So this one, this one, this one, and this one, and add a mesh collider. Now we can select our nav mesh surface and bake again. Boom. Thank you. Now our agent we'll be able to walk on the terrain here, outside of the restaurant. Perfect. So of course, in a real-case scenario, you would have a path or a walkway, or I don't know, maybe somewhere specific where your customers spawn from or go to. So in our case, we're going to... because it uh we have everything that we want for the cashier station so we now need to apply the same logic for the coffee station here because again if we move it we can see that it does not affect the nav mesh after being moved so let's hit ctrl z select the station render render and add a nav mesh Again, let's allow it to carve. Let's select our Nazmesh surface, bake again, boom, and we should be set. Yay! Awesome! Perfect! Okay, so now that we've got this working, what we need to do next is to turn them into locked elements, like we've done... for our table so for that we are going to create uh let's actually take inspiration from our locked table here we've got the element with anim and unlocked elements okay so what we need to do in this case is put the coffee station in its own elements and the cashier station too okay duplicate this table here drop it here okay we're just going to remove our uh unlocked elements from here so let's remove that perfect we're going to call this one coffee station le for locked element and generate a new gui while we are here of course I want to unpack this prefab so that we don't affect the first table LE. I think we can do stations in here, so let's do stations. There you go. Let's grab the coffee station and drop it as a child of the unlocked elements, but first off let's select our locked element and maybe move it somewhere around here. What do you think? So that the player doesn't get stuck with the station. I think it makes sense here. Okay, nice. Okay, of course errors. So we can now grab the coffee station. and drop it as a child of the unlocked elements here. Perfect. So now we should be able to unlock the Coffee Station. We're going to try this in a moment. Let's do the same thing for the Coffee Cachear Station now. So let's duplicate this one again, remove the Coffee Station. and put it somewhere where it makes sense. So maybe here, where we have the cash pile maybe, or maybe here, or just be in front of it. You decide here. Okay, I'm just gonna drop it here. So let's generate a new gui. Again, this is going to be the coffee, cashier, st- station and we can grab our coffee cashier station and put it as a child of the unlocked elements. Perfect! So we're going to keep the same price for these, I'm just going to reset everything. First of all, let's turn these into prefabs, like so. Let's select our game data and remove it or alternatively what you can do is select tools and clear safe boom it's going to remove the game data along with uh clearing the player preferences let's now hit play okay let's try and unlock maybe the first table yay coffee station yay awesome so everything is now working perfectly if we exit and come back all of these should be saved so we should retreat them and that's the case nice So now that we've got this working perfectly, and we are able to unlock elements in the next one, we are actually going to start tackling the progression manager, we should allow the player to first unlock the table and the coffee station and finally the cashier station that is going to spawn. I think he's customers. Okay. See welcome back guys