Welcome back guys. In this lesson, we are going to tackle the progression manager. So let's jump right in. Okay. So let's right click. I think I'm going to drop it inside of the manager. So progression. manager. Okay, let's not create a script that we're going to associate with that game object. So scripts, managers, I don't have progression right here, so that's fine. Progression, manager, once it's done, we can attach it and open it. Boom. So, progression manager will handle steps as i told you we are first going to unlock the table then the coffee station and finally the coffee cashier station okay so we will need to keep track of these steps so inside of here what we can do is create a new structure to hold these so So system.serializable public struct progression step. Our progression step can have a name, let's say, so string name. And we are going to have a list of locked elements. list of locked elements. There you go. So why a list here? Because one step can have multiple locked elements that the player can unlock. We're not going to limit ourselves to one locked element. them in per step we can have multiple ones then the camera let's say uh can go to this catcher station and then go to this one maybe sometimes you will have a zone that can be unlocked but you can also allow the player to unlock another table at the same time this is why we're gonna have more than one left element per step. So let's jump back over here. We are going to create a list of these. So elements, or video, we can pull this data, serialized field, private, progression step, progression steps. And while we are here, we can also create our just to keep track of the current progression step. So progression step index. Okay, so let's now jump back to Unity, select our progression manager here, and we can create our first progression steps. So let's create the first one. The first one is going to be for the first table, let's say And our left element is right here. Boom. Next, we will have the coffee station. So keep in mind that these are just for us. They're not going to be used in the code whatsoever. So if you don't want to add the name and you only want to add a game of… you are free to do so. You decide here. Okay. So we can remove the table from here. I'm just going to reference our stations, coffee station. Thank you. And finally, we are going to have the coffee cashier station. Coffee cashier station. Perfect. So at this point, we've got our three elements. Again, one thing you can do is use scriptable objects if you want to store your data there. Again, you decided you're free to do anything you want. Boo. So now we can jump back to our script. How are we going to handle this? Well, one thing we know at this point is that we're going to load and save our progression. So we can already use CGL. So let's do CGL. Let's do I want to be saved and implement the two methods. I'm just going to grab them and drop them after the update method. Okay. Perfect. Let's remove this and remove this. There you go. So in the load method, first off, we want to keep track of our progression step index. So we want to load that. So if cgl.tryload, we're going to use this and the key will just We can create it, yeah, let's create it. So progression step index key, and we're going to output that in underscore progression index. If we are able to load that, then our progression index. So for the key... just going to do private constant string progression index key will be equals to I don't know maybe progression index something like that okay uh come on nice so at this point we are able to index. Okay, so we've got the index and we've got the steps. In your opinion, what should we do? Well, we're going to hide all of the progression steps or locked elements that are before this index. Okay, so the ones that belong to the step index that had that is before and after we only want to show the current step, right? So here's how we can do that. If our progression index is greater or equals to the progression steps.length, then we are going to return because it should not happen. Everything has been unlocked. After that, is the tabulation correct here? Yep, seems like it is. Cool. After that, for i from zero to progression steps, that length, we are going to hide everything. So hide all elements we can do progression steps at index i, but hide. But we want to show the current progression step. So we are going to call hide for all of the others, but we want to call show for the current one. So you can either check here if I equals progression step index then you can do uh progression steps index at index i progression steps sorry index i.show otherwise hide and so on okay but i'm just going to hide all of them and then show them show the one that we want to show So progression step, let's call it step, is going to be equal to progression steps at index, progression index, there you go. And we can do step.display. Okay. So now what we want to do, why do we have an error? Because we don't have the height. of course we'll hide it we're gonna call it don't worry don't worry so uh boom we need the height method and the display method so public void height public void display not show you could have hold it. And inside of here, let's hide all of these locked elements. So for maybe for each or four. Yeah, let's say for the for the elements. locked elements at index i dot cablejet.selective false okay we can copy this paste it here remove this and true perfect so just like that i think that we are now ready to test it out we should see all of these hidden but should only display the table here so let's do play i don't think we need to reference anything else boom and the table has been unlocked perfect but now let's actually clear the save thank you and hit play again we should see the table as a locked element not unlocked it would make more sense now because what happened now is that the table was unlocked but we did not implement the the next steps okay so we should start by this yeah and then we should show the next steps so you know what let's go on we need to know whenever a locked element has been unlocked so that the progression manager can display the next element after we unlock the table we should select this and boom enable it so that the player can go and unlock it and to make a bit more sense or to make it easier for the player what we should also do have a camera that focuses on this new left element to unlock it okay so i think we can tackle this in the next one let's keep these lessons a bit shorter now see you next one Okay, so...