Welcome back guys in this lesson, we are going to keep improving our progression manager here. So the first thing we are going to do is open our locked element script. Where is my boy right here? Okay, so why do we want to open this one first? Because we need to trigger an event or let the progression manager know whenever we unlock an element. So right here, what we are going to do is trigger an action. What you can do additionally is maybe just reference the progression. manager in the element whenever you can enable it. So right here, maybe when he's playing, you can reference the progression manager if you don't want to use actions or events. So lock element, I'm going to use actions in my case. So whenever we unlock an element, we are just going to call unlocked and invoke it like so but there is a catch of course there is catch we don't want the progression manager to know that we've unlocked an element every time what are the cases where we don't want him to know or we don't want him to do anything Remember, whenever we unlock a locked element, the progression manager is going to register that and use another camera to focus on the brand new element that we need to unlock. So I'm giving you two seconds now. Not three, two seconds. One, two, when we reload the game, of course. When we reload the game, we just want to unlock the locked element instantly. We don't want to trigger an action. We don't want the progression manager to go focus on multiple things and so on. Okay. We already have our index, if you remember well, right here for that. We save it when we unlock stuff and so on. So no need to trigger this action every time. For that, what we are going to add is a boolean here, so boolean instant. Instant equals false maybe at start? Yeah, it should be false. Then if this is not instant, we are going to trigger this action. But if we want to unlock it instantly without letting the… manager no then we don't want to trigger that okay so what are the cases where we are going to unlock instantly well in the load method of course right here when loading if it has been unlocked we just want to display it that's it we don't want anyone else to know So now let's create our thingy. By the way, we can also grab the save method and drop it under that condition. Because if we load, no need to save again. It's just a waste of time, I think. Yeah. OK, so we're just going to do this. and this. I don't think I did that when making the course, but that's fine. Perfect. Let's now create this action. Oh, I need to fix my mouse. The scroll wheel is messed up. So actions. Boom. action. And we need to pass in something of course, we need to know what locked element has been unlocked, locked element, so that the progression manager can do something. Otherwise, okay, so more something has been unlocked, but what? So let's pass in this. So now that we are aware of this, let's jump back over progression manager and subscribe to that action. So in a way, so awake, locked element dot unlocked plus equals, let's say on locked element unlocked and that's cool. we also need to unsubscribe. So let's unsubscribe on this trolley, in case we reload the scene one more time. We can grab this boy and drop it here. Let's call this one blocked or just element, yeah. And remove the exception. Perfect. So what a locked element has been unlocked what should we do well first off we need to check what step contains that locked element normally it should be the current step we are in but it's not sure maybe we have a bug maybe we forgot something so let's first if that element is contained in a progression step or not. So if progression steps at the current index that contains that element, so if it doesn't contain the element, so the current progression step, by the way, remember, if the current progression step contain the element we get an error let's debug that log error um let's say current progression step do not contain this locked element okay and let's just return we need to tackle this so let's So let's increment inflammatory power. contains methods. So public bool contains, and here I think we can just return our left element that contains the element here. So left element, elements, boom. Yep, I think it's good. After that, what we can do... is um so we got the element we can unlock that element for the progression step remember we should not jump to the next progression step yet because all of the locked elements of a specific step need to be unlocked for us to jump to the next one so what we can do keep track of the unlocked elements here so let's call this one unlocked elements and let's turn this one into a private one because it doesn't need to be public what we can do is add a public method though to unlock a specific element okay so when Unlocking an element for a step, we are going to add it to the list, so that add element. But of course, we need to initialize our list here. So if unlockedElements equals null, unlockedElements equals new, list of locked elements, there you go. And we should also check if... We should also check if this step is complete or not. So public do is complete. And inside of here, we want to check if the amount of locked elements is equal to the amount of unlocked elements here. Addition- what you could have done is uh check if all of the locked elements are unlocked we can add a boolean inside of here yep makes sense there's some ways we can do this actually so uh we can just return locked elements that count is greater or equals and not the unlocked elements sorry is greater or equal even though it should be exactly equals to the left elements.count. And we can actually use the embodied expression statement. And there you go. Okay, so let's do that in our method now. Progression steps. steps at index, progression index, but unlock the element. We unlock the element that we've just unlocked actually. If this current progression step is complete, all of the locked elements inside of that step have been unlocked, then we can jump to the next one. So if progression steps, progression index, that is complete, so if it's not complete, what we want to do is return. Otherwise, we want to increment our index and save. Okay, but that's not it. Come on, we also need to start the next step. step. So start next step. But do we have a next step or not? Maybe we don't. So if the progression index is greater or equal to the progression steps of length, turn we don't have any more steps to accomplish or to unlock is that clear okay so let's now create this method here okay thank you and see what we need to do well we it's gonna be quite simple for now going to display the step okay and after that we can add a specific camera for our steps and so on but for now let's just um display so progression steps at progression index. this is all right let's now jump back to unity i hope everything is set up correctly we can clear our save again. All right, let's unlock our table. Yeah, and now we're coffee station has been displayed. So now we should also display the cashier station. Yay. Awesome. perfectly. Okay, let's just, actually I'm going to hit play and see if I don't have any grid errors or duplicates. And, okay, interesting. So as you can see, yeah, oh, the same method has not been implemented. That's my bad, my bad. that. So let's open our progression manager and implement the save method in here. CGL.save this progression key and progression index. Yeah, it's really simple, but I forgot to add it. Sorry. Okay, so now we can jump back. I hate this error. Let's hit play. Oh, but everything has been unlocked. Yeah. So we need to clear the save again, and hit play. Okay, so let's unlock the table. Boom. Let's maybe unlock half of this, something like that. exit and come back. So now we should see the table unlocked and 48 for that. Boy, okay cool, where's the table? Oh, the table is not visible. There you go. The table is not visible. So this is a different grid than stations, than this one. 16. Why is the table not visible? Is it hidden at start? No, it's visible here. Interesting. Hmm. Yeah. I'm afraid this is, this is linked to how I've handled the lock element in this course compared to when making the course. So what we are going to do to fix that, uh, I think we can fix it right here. So for i from progression index to this, we are going to hide. Yeah. So from progression index to this, we can hide. But if, oh yeah, perfect. Yeah, we do this. So that's nice. So now it should be good. We should not hide table. If it, if the progression index is greater than that step. Yeah, here's our table and 48. Nice. So now if we unlock this one and do the same thing, exit and come back. Normally it should be good. yeah perfect okay cool oh finally it works nice all right so in the next one what we are going to do is add the camera i told you about to focus the lock I'm going to go ahead and get it.