Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to improve our progression manager, and for that we are going to add a specific camera for our locked elements. Okay, so so so, um, let's duplicate our main camera. We are just going to... remove the main camera tag and call it progression camera. Okay. And no, this is not what we're gonna do. Ah, wrong. We're gonna use the machine. Come on. So let's remove it. And what we're going to do is duplicate our player follow camera. This is going to be our progression camera. so we don't want this to follow the player so we are going to select our player here and remove it okay so no tracking target for now so we can just remove it from here anyway just a quick thing here if it's one of the first times you play with machine let's move this camera somewhere around here maybe let's say we want to focus this lock element here if we hit play first off you can notice that the progression camera has taken over the player follow camera when we hit play now we are back to the player follow camera let's disable this one boom you see that there is a transition between the two cameras you can manage this transition from the main camera's uh brain simulation brain right here as you can see right now the default lane is an is in out easing with a dot five seconds uh timing so you can make it linear if you prefer and here's how it's gonna like, boom, boom, I don't like it. The previous one was quite better. So let's switch to is in out as well, but you can use a custom one. And the custom one is gonna be a curve, animation curve. So let's try now. Anyway, there's so much flexibility. You can do it as you wish here. Perfect. So in my case, I'm just going to use half a second is in out easing for this transition. Okay, that's just a quick note I wanted to point out. Now we can exit the play mode, hide our program. camera or disable it and select our progression manager. The first thing we need to do is add a reference to that camera. So let's do something like elements, serialized field, private, scene machine, camera, and of course we need the scene machine. library progression camera. Okay, perfect. We don't have our camera available for us. After that, we're going to create a coroutine. Why a coroutine? Because remember our steps right here have or can have multiple locked elements. So whatever we trigger a new step what i want is the camera to go to the first left element wait for a tiny bit and then move to the next one and finally jump back to the player okay so we're going to modify or edit the target after a certain amount of time for the camera to move towards that target let's create our coroutine somewhere around here. i in numerator. I think we need nothing. Let's call it start step coroutine, and we need a reference for our progression step. Okay, so inside of here, stuff, we need to create a new camera target because in the new scene machine, this is how it works. You don't just reference a transform. So camera target, let's call it target target, because new camera target. Then for I from zero to our steps progression step or let's call it step yeah we have it here step dot locked elements dot count what we want to do is set the camera target and enable it so target dot uh i think it was tracking target yeah tracking target equals step dot elements I think next I dot transform this needs to be a transform then we can consider our camera so progression camera that target equals pocket there you go and finally enable that's active or game on the actually that's active True. So at this point, our camera has a target and it has been enabled. So we should apply the transition for half a second, then we're going to wait for a certain amount of time. So let's inside of the loop wait for you wait for seconds. One second. Come on, why don't we have this? Oh, we need systems.collections. Yeah. So we wait for one second and jump to the next iteration, to the next lot element, if we have any. If we don't, we're going to exit the loop so we can safely disable the camera. on, I forgot the parentheses. And that's it for now. That's it. Anyway, for now we can say that's it. So let's start our coroutine, start step coroutine, and pass in this. I think I'm just going to store it. So progression step. Step equals this, and use this here, display, and finally we can use it to start our coroutine. Nice. OK, so now what we can do is jump in. back to unity reference our camera and hopefully it will work perfectly we've cleared the save in the previous lesson so we should be good for that um let's hit play okay so let's unlock the table boom and the camera automatically jumps to the next perfect that's so cool yeah that's awesome nice okay so a final touch i want to add here is a canvas a canvas that is going to be on top of the current one that we are using right here to prevent player from using the joystick while we unlock stuff or while the camera is moving okay this is optional if you don't want to add it don't but i'm just going to do it because it's fast and it's a bit better for our game it makes sense actually so let's right click ui canvas canvas let's call one progression canvas and it's not going to contain anything but we can still do a scale with screen size 10 by 1920 height and the sort order should be higher than the main canvas order so let's just do five here Yep. Okay, let's now reference that in our progression manager. So we can do something like this game object, game object, but you have multiple solutions here, you can either use a game object or a canvas group. Yeah, both will work. progression canvas okay so we want to enable our progression canvas just before the loop here maybe or instead of this method it's actually quite similar so it's active true and now we can disable it in here after our animation has completed. Okay, I think we're now good to go. Let's try it out. So first off, our canvas should be disabled. What we can do is also add that to the awake method of our progression manager, by the way, it would be. cleaner. So let's try that. Okay. Oh, I think that everything has been unlocked. Yeah, it's not gonna, yeah. So let's do clear save. Yup. Hit play. Okay, so now I can move. Let's unlock this one. I'm gonna try and move. Up, up, up, up. Okay, so I'm still able to move. Okay. So we need to do that. add something in our canvas of course uh so let's select the canvas do ui panel i don't know how i forgot about that so let's add a panel but it should not be visible so we're just going to set the transparency to zero and make sure that the rate pass target boolean is active okay So let's now hit play. You can rename this one a blocking panel or a blocker or... So let's unlock this. Try and move, I can't move. Okay, now I can. After it has been unlocked, of course. But if you want this effect to be more obvious, I... invite you to open the start set curtain here and increase this timer or this delay here okay perfect this completes our lesson on the progression manager so in the next one i think that we can safely work on upgrading the workers Maybe we can add our two offices here, the human resources office, along with the player upgrades office.