Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to start working on upgrades and more specifically

we are going to work on the office zone right here at the top right. Okay? So I think that you

can do that on your own so it might be a good exercise for you to do. So please try and just

create the visuals of the office zone right here at the top. You've got a reference in the promo

video if you want or you can do it as you wish. Okay? So this lesson is going to be quite chill.

Let's start right away. So first off we will want our workers to reach this position so of course

it needs to be on the navmesh which is really cool. Next we are going to unlock a zone right

here. So this wall right here should not be baked into the navmesh. So what it should be

is a navmesh obstacle. So let's add a navmesh obstacle. Okay? Let's carve it again and what we

are also going to do is rebake the navmesh because right now if we move this wall right here

boom! It's not the result that we expect. So it does bake the navmesh as you can see here.

You see when I move it it does carve the navmesh but yeah unfortunately we need to

remove this too. So let's select our navmesh surface. Where is our navmesh surface? Right here.

Let's bake it again. Okay? So now if we select our wall and move it. Perfect! We carve the navmesh

where we've got our wall but we don't carve it right here. That is awesome. So I'm gonna hit

ctrl z now. If I hit ctrl z it's not gonna work properly so I'm just gonna move it where it was.

I think it was somewhere around here. Let me just check top view. Thank you. Yep that's decent.

Okay cool. Maybe just a tiny bit less. Maybe 8. Yep something like that. Nope a bit more.

.01. Yeah..015. Yeah that's better. Okay I prefer that. Okay so we will now be able to disable

our right wall and the workers or the agents will be able to pass through this or go to towards a

certain position inside of here. Towards the offices. So let's enable the thing. No I'm just

going to leave it disabled. Let's create our office zone. So in gameplay I'm going to right

click create an empty office zone. Okay so inside of here we can already add our walls let's say

and then we will handle unlocking everything later on. So right now again let's take it easy.

So let's duplicate this wall. No not this one. I'm going to duplicate the right wall because I

want the nav mesh obstacle component. So let's duplicate it, enable it and turn it as a child

of our walls right here. Boom. So let's make it smaller. Let's just call it wall because we are

going to have a bunch of them. So maybe two and move it along the x-axis so that we can see it.

Thank you. So let's make it maybe one wide because I want to leave some space for the door.

Okay I'm just going to drop it here. Thank you. Let's duplicate it and move it by two maybe no

or maybe three and a half something like that. Anyway it doesn't make sense right now and by

the way what I can do is just maximize the scene so that we can better spot what we're doing.

So let's duplicate this one, move it up maybe somewhere around here. Yep somewhere around here

let's say should be good. Press T and expand it a tiny bit. We can hold ctrl to snap to the terrain.

It might be better. Let's duplicate it, move it down, rotate it and snap it. What you can do by the way

is press V to snap a vertex. This is another solution that is quite nice to have square

enough mesh surfaces. It might be more relevant in our case. So something like that.

Oh it's not perfect. I'm just going to cheat a tiny bit. That's better.

Okay so let's duplicate this wall. Boom ctrl D, move it somewhere around here and move it again

somewhere around there let's say. So we can already see that we will need to move our trash here

and rebake the nav mesh of course. Okay is that good here? It's decent. Okay I like it.

So I'm just going to duplicate this one even though it's not at the center.

It's bothering me a bit here. Can we place it at the center please? This should do. Yeah so let's

duplicate it again and move it somewhere around here. Perfect. Okay that's decent. So one more

thing here is that it feels like this zone is a bit bigger than this one or am I just crazy?

I don't know. Maybe I'm just going to push it a tiny bit.

Uh-huh. No let's keep it as it was. Yeah okay that's fine. Anyway so this is our zone right here.

So when we unlock the office zone we will definitely need another wall here that goes

all the way to this wall. So again I'm going to duplicate this one or maybe just move it

or maybe just yeah scale it up. Yeah I think I'm just going to scale it up. Okay again top view

so that we can better see what we are doing here. Let's press uh let's actually right...

No I can't. So let's press this one, expand it a tiny bit. Okay and it feels correct.

Okay if I zoom in here yeah it's bothering me. I can play with the camera settings here.

Where is it here? Let's not do dynamic clipping. Oh same thing. Okay I will need to press F here.

Let's just up scale down press F on this one maybe. Yep that's better. Now I can safely zoom in.

Okay thank you and yep that's perfect. Okay so we've got our office zone. I just want to add

a sort of a ground to change the color here because it doesn't make sense to have that color.

So what I'm going to do is select this ground right here. Can I select it? Yep. Let's check if

we've got some weird components. We don't so we can definitely duplicate this one.

Let's duplicate it, move it and we are going to place it top view. Thank you. Let's press V again

and move it here again. Now we are going to press T and scale it down. Boom. Something like that.

Maybe let's use the center of the walls here to have something decent. Right here you can see that

we can still spot the green the greenery actually. So we're just going to scale it up a bit more.

Something like that. Yep. Okay what the heck. So I'm going to press F, W first, F, V sorry

and move it down. Oh I need to grab the vertex actually. Somewhere around here. We're going to

edit the the Y position of course but I just want to make sure that everything is set correctly.

Okay seems like it is. The Y value here is going to be .005 like this one I guess. Yep. Like the

service ground. So that's fine. Is that the one we've created? Yep. Main ground. Oh I think I

changed the wrong one here. This should be zero but the main ground is actually .005 so that's

correct. Let's rename it office. Let's rename it office ground.

Okay perfect. So now we can grab it and turn it as or into a child of our office zone here. Boom.

So now what we can do is if we disable this we can't spot anything about what we've done

which is great. We will be able to turn that into a child of the locked element. Okay so now we are

going to add our props. As to know the desk for our worker manager and the desk for our player

manager. So let's... I think I'm... should I make it a bit bigger? Yeah. Makes more sense right?

Yep okay. So let's create two new GameObjects. Let's do something like hrelements and player

upgrades elements. And again here I'm just going to do things differently as I've made them in

the course. Hopefully we are not going to have any bug but that way I can experiment with you.

So let's now right click. No let's not right click. We are going to grab a

prefabs models. Let's grab the models first. We want a desk. Let's select this one the first one.

Actually it's going to select everything but whatever. We can just unpack the prefab. Select

this one and remove these. Now we can safely change the material to palette. Okay palette,

palette. Where is my palette? Here it is. So let's drop the desk here. Maybe make it a bit

smaller. Something like that. Yep that's decent. Let's switch to a top view. Okay thank you. Yep

looks fine. So this is the renderer. The renderer of what? The renderer of our hrdesk.

Because our hrdesk here will have a trigger that we can trigger. Okay a box collider that we can

trigger to show the worker's canvas. The worker upgrades canvas. So let's add this later on.

Okay so we've got our renderer. I'm just going to copy the position here and set that to 000

because I want it to be centered on its parent. So paste position. Thank you. Let's add some props

now really quickly because it's really not important. We are going to add some monitors.

Let's place it correctly somewhere around here. Rotate it just a tiny bit maybe. Move it up.

Okay thank you. We are going to give it the palette material again. Let's duplicate it.

No let's press x here to use the world space and invert the rotation. So I think that we need to

move this one a tiny bit somewhere around here. Thank you. Yeah makes more sense. Okay so we've

got our monitors. We are now going to add a chair. Do we have our chair round table?

Oh the chair is in even the... I think it was modern chair. We can add the

prefab and just unpack it actually. Let's drop it here. Unpack the prefab.

We will not need the chair scripts. We will not need the navmesh obstacle

because it's going to be enabled later on. We will... the workers are not going to reach that

position actually. And by the way we are not going to need these two points. The box collider is

going to be useful indeed for the player but not for the workers. So let's rotate this. The renderer

is centered. Okay perfect. So we can press f and yep looks correct. Okay so we can place a manager

here. Okay so you know what? I don't want this lesson to take forever so I'm gonna let you

customize this place as you wish. I'm just going to drop the most important things here. Actually

yeah yeah I have placed the monitors just like that but that's cool. So now what we're gonna do

is select our desk here. Okay this one. We're going to add a box collider so that the player

can't pass through it first. But later on we are going to add a trigger. So let's... by the way I

think this is going to be the trigger actually and the renderer is going to have the collider,

the actual collider. So let's say that we want to allow the player to trigger this box here. Okay

this box here. Okay we might move it up. Yep looks decent. So this is the trigger.

Now let's take the renderer and add a box collider so that the player can't pass through it. Okay

so this is fine for our HR zone. Let's do the same thing for the player upgrades.

So you know what? I'm just going to do boop and boop and we should be good hopefully. This is our

player upgrades desk and we might move it along the x-axis somewhere around here.

Yeah it's definitely a bit tighter but that's fine. Okay so what we can already do right now

is press play and see if we can go there. We should be able to but I just want to make sure

that that's the case. Okay so let's go here. I can't go through the desk which is fine.

Okay boom same thing here and I can't pass through walls. Perfect so everything is working

perfectly. Okay so we could add the two managers but yeah let's add them to complete this lesson.

In the next one we are going to actually tackle the logic of unlocking this zone right here. Okay

so for the managers I'm just going to grab two workers. So characters

worker. I'm just going to grab it, drop it here maybe. Let's unpack it. So prefab unpack. Thank

you. Let's press f here to focus it. We are going to remove the cap. We are going to remove the

apron like so. We are going to remove I think everything except the animator maybe. So we just

want the manager to play the sit animation nothing else and of course you can improve that.

So we are going to select the worker. Let's remove the dish ability. Let's remove the

character controller but no one depends on that. Let's remove the player detector,

the hold food ability. Okay it can't. So let's remove the worker, the customer animator, the agent.

Okay so this one, this one and this one. Thank you. So again we are only going to play an animation

for the manager nothing else. He won't have anything any logic attached to it. So we can

open our animations here. Create a new animator. So create a new animator animation animator

controller. Manager animator. We can also change its material here. So do we have a manager

material? No we don't. So we are going to duplicate this one. Call this one manager. Change the color to

maybe brown-ish. Yep just to differentiate it. Okay yeah I think it's fine. We are going to attach

the manager animator to and I don't know why it changed the selected game object here. Let's open

our manager animator and we are just going to grab our seat animation from the player animation

animator. Sorry. So let's select it. Thank you. Here it is. We are going to lock this window.

Open our character, our manager here and seating should be this one. Can we use it right away? I

think we can. So let's allow it to loop. It is looping so that's fine. Okay so let's test this.

We are just going to select this boy. First off let's play it actually. So where is my animation?

Let's play it. Okay so that we can place him correctly. So let's select our worker and it's

actually a manager. Let's rotate it by 180 degrees. Place it somewhere around here. Okay let's play the

animation now. Okay we need to move it up a tiny bit. Move it up. Okay boom. Okay move it down and a

bit to the front. Okay. Ah almost there.

There you go. That's decent. Okay even if his legs go through the chair. But I think it's not visible

from here right? Is it? Anyway I'm sure you can do better than me. Okay so let's move it a tiny bit.

Maybe somewhere around here. Somewhere around here and it should be nice now I hope.

Yeah come on that's fine. He won't feel it.

But I keep moving him. I think he's yeah he still needs to go down a tiny bit.

Come on am I going to spend one full lesson tweaking this? No I'm not. So what we are going

to do is duplicate the manager and put it on the other chair. So let's just copy this component.

Boom. Place it here and paste the component values. Now we should have another manager placed

correctly. Let's hit play. Okay and yep both our managers are fine. Okay perfect. So we've set up

everything here. In the next one let's learn how we can unlock this zone and unlock the offices

one by one by the way. We are not going to unlock both offices at the same time. See you in the next one.