Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to learn how we can unlock this zone right here,

the office zone. Okay? So let's jump right in. First off, we are going to add a locked element

that will unlock this zone right here. But that's not it. Remember, at first we've got a wall right

here. We've got the right wall. So when unlocking the zone, the office zone, we also need to

hide this wall right here, the right wall. Okay? So there are two things we need to do or take into

account. Let's hide this wall right now and turn this into a locked element. And we are going to

have two locked elements as a child of a locked element. So one locked element for the office,

so for the zone, and a locked element for each one of these desks right here. Okay?

So, office zone. We are going to, again, it's different from what I've done in the course,

so I'm just thinking about the best approach here. So this is what we need to unlock here.

Okay? So let's grab a locked element. Do I have a prefab locked element or not? I did not turn

any of these into a prefab. Okay. Oh, the table maybe. Let's unlock this first.

Yeah, the table is actually a locked element table stuff. So we can duplicate the table here.

Let's unpack it. Yep. Let's grab it and drop it here, maybe, and office zone LE, locked element.

So what do we want to unlock? Not the table set, but we want to unlock the office's zone. And what

we are first going to do is grab this and move it somewhere around here. Okay? It makes more sense.

So let's move it here. Let's update the GUID or change it. Let's not forget about that. And now,

hopefully, we can turn all of our office zone game objects into, yeah, I think that's the

best approach here. Okay. So let's enable our right wall here. Okay? Now, what will happen?

When we unlock this, I'm actually going to set it to five so that we don't run out of

cache. We should spot the office zone getting enabled. So let's unlock it. Okay.

That's working perfectly. Cool. If we exit and come back, hopefully, it should be saved.

Okay. Fine. But our right wall is still present. So I cannot access this zone. And by the way,

I need to move the trash too. So let's move the trash right now.

Boom. Maybe somewhere around here. I'm going to need to bake again.

So what you can do is turn the trash into a thingy, into a NavMesh obstacle. Okay. So the

first thing we are going to tackle is hiding the right wall whenever we unlock the office zone.

Okay? So for that, we need to open our locked element script here. Every locked element will

have a Unity event attached to it. So maybe we can drop it somewhere around here. Serialize field.

Private. Unity event. And we will need the UnityEngine.events library, of course.

Unlocked callback. Okay? So this unlocked callback will be called whenever we unlock this

locked element. So in the unlock method that we can find right here, just after this, we can do

unlocked callback and invoke it. Okay? Perfect. So now if we jump back to Unity, we should spot

the Unity event right here. This is going to be super useful. So what will our unlocked callback

be here? Really simple. Come on. So you have two possibilities. I think multiple possibilities,

but one of these are we can reference the right wall and disable it. So GameObject.SetActive.False.

Or you can create another script that will handle the office zone that will do the same thing.

You can reference that script here and call the method that you are going to create. Let's say

HideRightWall. Okay? So right now if I hit play, I don't think I've cleared the save, so it

should work. We should see the right wall being disabled. We should not see the right wall,

actually. Yeah. We should not see it. And that's exactly what happens. Really cool. But if we clear

the save, of course it's not going to get disabled because our locked element here has not been

unlocked yet. Okay. Fine. So that's the first step. Awesome. The second one is creating the

intricated or imbricated or inherited locked elements inside of this locked element. So we

are going to have one for each office. The human resources and the player upgrades.

Then we can add them to the progression manager, by the way. For now we are just going to unlock

them and at the end of this lesson we are going to add them to the progression manager so that

they get unlocked as we go. For now we are just going to enable the unlocked elements so that we

can spot what we are playing with here. We've got the HR elements, so if I hide these, yeah,

that's what I want to display. So we are going to need more locked elements here. So

should we disable that? Should we, sorry, duplicate that? I think I'm going to do that

and remove the offices zone. And you know what? I'm going to do a locked element

prefab. Okay, I'm finally going to turn this into a prefab. So boom, here we go. Okay, so this one is

going to go there. I'm going to grab it, switch to the top view, place it somewhere around here, I guess.

Yeah, it needs to be visible. So we either need to place it here, maybe make it smaller.

We can make it smaller, we can make the door larger, the office maybe a bit bigger. We can

also push all of these, so we can push the desk to the back a tiny bit, let's say, so that we have

more space for our locked element, yeah. Okay, so maybe let's do something like that for now, okay?

So this locked element right here will need to have a new GUI, of course. We can unpack the

prefab if we don't want to mess with this. And turn the HR elements into a child of the

unlocked elements right here. Boom, let's disable them. Let's also do the same thing for our player

upgrades elements. So let's call this one HRLE for locked element again. Let's duplicate it

and call this one player upgrades LE. Okay, so we can place this maybe somewhere around here.

Same thing here, we will need to push this back. So let's grab the desk and push it back somewhere

around here. Perfect, thank you. So now these elements right here will need to be a child of

the unlocked elements and we can remove the HR elements from here. I think we should be good.

Let's generate a new GUI just to make sure. Okay, same thing for this one, it's already a new GUI.

Okay, I think we are good to go. So let's disable the unlocked elements right here. Thank you.

Let's clear our save. Boom, boom. Let's hit play. Okay, so now we can unlock this.

And we've got two zones that we can unlock. So let's start with this one. Okay, it has been

unlocked. Perfect. And same thing for here. Cool, everything is now working perfectly.

If we exit and come back, we should hopefully see both of these offices being unlocked.

And that's the case. Nice. So now as a final step, let's add them to the progression manager.

So let's select our progression manager right here. Thank you. Boom, boom and boom. We're gonna

add two more. Well, actually three more. We are going to have the office zone. We are going to

have the HR, sorry, office, let's say, and the player upgrades office. Okay, so let's reference

these three. So locked elements. Here is the office zone. We will have the HR locked element

and player upgrade locked element. Perfect. So now we can clear our save one more time,

hit play and unlock stuff one by one. So here's the first table. Okay, here is our coffee station.

Boom. Oh, we're going to run out of cash. No, no, we are not. Here is our serving station.

Now we can unlock this and I can't go through the wall, by the way. So let's unlock this. Boom.

Here is our first zone. Boom. And the second one. Awesome. Really cool. Everything is going

as expected. Of course, you can add more tables to unlock or you can play with the order you want

to unlock stuff here. I'm just going to show you the principal things you can do, the most

important things, actually. Okay. So now that we've got this working and set up correctly,

in the next one, we are going to deal with our upgrades, the workers. We want to unlock workers

at some point. We've got our trigger right here, which is right here. Perfect. So we can definitely

trigger that zone. We want to show a canvas here where we can unlock and upgrade workers.

Then the workers are going to spawn here and we'll be able to go perform some tasks.

See you in the next one.