Welcome back, guys! In this lesson, we are going to tackle making our HR canvas,

so the human resources canvas, the one that's going to be displayed whenever we trigger

the HR desk right here, okay? So, UI. We've got our main canvas and the progression canvas.

Let's duplicate our main canvas and rename it HR canvas, okay? That's the first step.

Then, let's increment our order here to one, so that it displays above the main canvas.

And our progression canvas can be 10, maybe, if we are afraid to go over this number here, okay?

So, we are going to keep the currency container from this and remove our game panel here.

Let's create a background for our canvas. So, UI canvas here and panel. This is going to be our

background. Ah, background. There you go. It should occupy the whole space and we're going

to change its color to blue-ish, maybe. Yep, something like this. So, now that we've got

our background, we're going to create a title. And by the way, again, this lesson is going to be

quite chill, to be honest. We're going to take it step by step and just take our time here. So,

human, sorry, resources. Okay. So, it should take a bit more space. Boom. Let's center that.

Again, you can create this canvas as you wish here. The most important thing is going to be how

we set up our worker UI containers. But I'm going to explain how it works. Don't worry.

So, let's rename this one title. Okay. Boom. And maybe we can move it somewhere around here,

make it a bit bigger, something like that. Okay. Yeah, it makes more sense. And we are also going

to have a way to exit this panel. So, let's create a back button. UI button, button, button, button,

and rename it back button. Let's use our square 50, the deer square 50, red-ish. Let's do 150 by

150. No, that's too much. So, 100 by 100. Maybe this can be three. Okay. Let's remove the text

inside of here and add an icon instead. So, let's do icon. Let's occupy the whole space with a bit

of padding. No, like so. Yep. Thank you. Do we have a cross or something in here? Yep, we do.

Perfect. We want it to preserve its aspect and move the back button to the top left with maybe

150 and minus 150, somewhere around here. Okay. Makes sense. It is aligned with our

currency container here, right? Minus 142. Okay. Let's do minus 142. So, we've got our back button

and our currency container. Now, we need another container for our worker UI container here. Okay.

And this is going to be a scroll view. So, let's right-click, UI, scroll view. Thank you. We can

call this one worker container scroll. And we've got a viewport with the scroll bars that we're

going to remove. As usual, you know me, I don't like these. What we can do is, should we keep

the background or not? I think we are going to keep it here. Let's keep the background. Okay.

We only want our scroll view to be vertical, not horizontal. So, let's uncheck that. The viewport

should occupy the whole space. And our content will have two more components. One, the first one

is going to be a vertical layout group because we want to stack the worker UI containers vertically.

And the second one is going to be a content size feeder. Let's set the vertical feed to the

preferred size. Okay. So, that our content sets up his height depending on our worker UI containers.

Okay. So, let's set up our scroll view here. Let's occupy the whole space. But nope, we are

going to have maybe 800 pixels of padding to the top. And yep, this zone should be correct. Okay.

So, now we can already grab our worker UI container and drop the first one in here to see how it's

going to go. So, if we add two more, I don't like the spacing. I don't like how it is set up.

So, we are going to add some padding in here, maybe 20 pixels. Let's also align them to the middle

center, no upper center, and add some spacing. Yeah, that's way better. Next, we don't want to allow

the child force expand feature in here. So, we are going to keep it as is now. Perfect. Makes sense.

So, if I duplicate it more and hit play, let's try this out. Okay. Boom, boom. Yeah, that's working.

Perfect. So, you might have spotted something here. These two buttons were not placed correctly at

first, but they snapped to the other buttons at runtime. This is because I've added a script here

that you can check because, come on, we've tackled UIs in so many different courses.

In the chat GPT course, in the Kawaii Survivor course, and more actually. So, I don't want to

explain things every time. We are going to waste our time here. So, if we check out the locked

overlay here, we've got the video unlocked button, for instance, that has the match other UI element

script. And you can open the script, check it out. It's really simple. Okay. So, that's the first step.

Next, later on, I'm going to explain how this container is going to work here.

Okay. So, now we've got our UI container. We've got our canvas that is set up correctly.

So, what we need to do is add some logic to this. Let's add logic in the next one. We will need to

open it, close it, and set up our containers. Perfect. So, see you in the next one.