Welcome back guys.

In this lesson, we are now ready to create

our first customer.

So let's jump right in. Okay.

So for that, we are going to grab our player right here

and duplicate it.

This is going to be our first customer.

So let's rename this boy, customer. Okay.

We can move it a little bit.

Sorry, somewhere around here. Perfect.

Let's remove the hat from this boy.

This is not the player, it's a customer.

So he should not have the hat.

It's specific to us.

Anyway, no fluff.

So our customer will not have a character controller,

but we can't remove it

because the joystick player controller depends on it.

So first off, we need to remove this one

and now we can remove the character controller. Perfect.

We are also going to remove

the hold food ability right here. Thank you.

But the player detector again, depends on it.

So let's remove it and remove the player animator.

We are going to add a customer animator.

What we can do is also change its color.

So let's duplicate this one, customer,

and maybe something yellow-ish, yeah?

Like I have in the video.

Something like that. Perfect.

So this is our customer.

We can turn that boy into a prefab, by the way.

So let's open our prefabs folder, characters, customer. There you go. Okay.

So now let's remove it from here

and open the customer prefab.

The first thing we are going to do here is add two scripts,

a customer script and a customer animator.

The customer animator will be useful

to move or play animations to our customer

when he's moving, holding the plateau and so on.

And the customer script will be useful for so many things.

The general control of our customer, actually.

So let's open our scripts folder,

managers, gameplay, maybe characters, or maybe customer,

because this is customer related. So customer.

So let's right-click, create a new script.

Oh no, customer. No!

Anyway, we are going to rename that.

And let's also create another one for the customer animator. No typo. There you go.

All right, so let's open these two. There you go.

I'm first going to rename the customer script, customer. Perfect.

And open the customer animator.

So the customer animator will have almost the same logic

that we've used in our player animator.

So for that, we can jump back to Unity,

open the player animator script, and copy the same logic.

We are going to have more added to it later on

because the customer can sit, but the player can't sit.

So let's select the player, player animator. There you go.

I'm going to grab all of these, like so,

and drop them in our customer animator.

So let's remove the start and update method,

and we should be good to go for now.

So again, this is just a starting point.

We are going to add more to it later on,

but it should be good for now

because when spawning the customer,

it's going to walk towards the cashier station

or food serving station,

then hold the plateau and afterwards go towards the table.

We don't have tables yet.

We're going to add them. Don't worry.

So let's jump back to our customer prefab right here. Thank you.

So now we can add the customer script

and a customer animator. Thank you.

So let's reference the animator along with the plateau. Perfect.

So now our customer can hold a plateau

and can also be animated.

So now let's try and spawn some of these customer.

For that, we're going to create a new manager.

So let's create a new game object, customer manager. There you go.

Let's create a script that we're going to attach to it.

So boom, boom, customer manager.

And in here, I'm going to create the customer

or spawn them from the customer manager

because we can imagine multiple stations spawning customers.

We've got the coffee cashier station right here,

but as you've seen in the demo later on,

we might have a pizza station.

And in my opinion, it's a good architectural choice

to spawn the customers from one point.

That way you can definitely use pooling

if you want later on.

We're not going to do that in that course

because we've tackled that in one of the previous ones

in Kauai's Arrival, for instance.

But yeah, I highly encourage you to do that as an exercise. Okay.

So let's attach our customer manager and open it.

We are only going to have one customer manager in our script,

and we are going to turn that one into a singleton

so that we can call methods easily.

So public static customer manager instance.

Awake and Insta. Okay. Boom. Like so.

Just like that, we've got our singleton. And by the way,

if you want to learn how to create these code snippets really quickly,

I highly encourage you to go check out my Code Ninja course.

So, so, so, now that we've got this set up,

what we can do is add a reference to our customer.

So elements, serialize field, private customer,

customer prefab. Okay.

And this customer manager is not going to spawn customer

on its customer, sorry, on its own.

It's going to wait for someone to tell him

if they want a customer and then spawn the customer.

So in our case, the food spawner station or another script

can call the customer manager and tell him,

hey, I want a customer, please create one for me.

So what we are going to do is create a method for that.

Public customer pop.

We are going to pop a customer, but at a certain position.

The station that needs customers is going to specify

the position to the customer manager. Okay.

So for that, what we can do, if you're using pooling,

you can grab a customer from the pool,

but again, we are not going to do that in that course.

It's not the point here, but in here we can return,

instantiate a customer prefab at that specific

spawn position with a identity rotation, let's say,

and turn it as a child of the customer manager

of this transform. Okay.

So now let's jump back to Unity, reference this customer

and add a script to our coffee cashier station

to be able to spawn the customers that we want to serve. Come on.

So on customer manager, let's lock it,

or we can actually right click and select properties

to have a floating window of that script,

prefabs, characters, and customer. Boom.

So now let's select our coffee cashier station.

We can lock it while we create the script.

Go back to our scripts folder, stations,

yeah, food spawner station.

And again, in here, we are going to use abstraction.

You should be familiar with it now,

because as I've told you,

we are going to have a coffee cashier station

that is going to send customers to the tables

and a pizza station that is going to tell customers

to leave with the pizza and the plateau.

The plateau is free. Okay. So, yep.

So yeah, let's use abstraction right away.

So let's create a new mono behavior, food serving station.

And we are going to have another one

to handle the customers, so spawn them.

So let's create another one,

food serving customer manager. Yep.

Something like that.

We can now attach our two scripts to our,

not the spawner, to our coffee cashier station. Okay.

Maybe move this one below them. Thank you.

And open the food serving customer manager

to spawn our customers. There you go.

So let's do things step-by-step.

At start, we want to start spawning customers.

So let's call startSpawningCustomers. Okay.

Let's create that method. Okay.

Maybe we can move it just after the update method.

In my opinion, it's cleaner. Okay. Thank you.

And inside of here,

we are going to invoke repeating a certain method.

So spawn a new customer.

Maybe after one second and every second.

Actually, you can set this to zero,

but let's wait for one second

in case we need to initialize stuff

or set up some other elements.

So let's now create this method,

private void spawn new customer.

If we leave it like this,

we can imagine that we are going to spawn customers

every second and it's infinite.

So I like to have a maximum amount of customers,

the cashier station

or the food serving customer manager can handle.

And for that, we are going to create a variable.

So settings, let's say, yep.

Serialize field, private integer max customers.

Or you can call it max customer amount.

So before spawning a customer,

we want to check if we've got the maximum of,

or if we've reached the maximum amount of customers.

If that's the case, we should not spawn any more customer.

So to keep track of how many customers we have,

we are not going to use an integer

because it would be too simple.

And we also need references to our customers.

So you can use a list.

In my case, I'm going to use a queue

because I find it easier to handle in this specific case.

But keep in mind that lists would work perfectly too.

So private queue,

and we need to add the system.collections.generic,

maybe two, yeah.

I think we need to add the generic ones too.

But anyway, we're going to add them.

So customer, and we are getting an error

because we need to add the generics.

So let's do this.generic, thank you.

Let's call this one customers,

equals new queue of customer, perfect.

So now we can check.

If customers.count is greater

or equals to the max amount of customers,

we're going to return, okay?

We don't want to spawn a new one.

Otherwise, we can definitely spawn a new one.

So our customer will be on, let's call it new customer.

And in here, we can tell the customerManager.instance.pop

to get a new customer, pop, thank you.

Along with a spawn position, of course.

So let's add our spawn position in the, let's say, elements.

Serialize field, private vector3,

spawn position, or maybe customer.

Yeah, we know that we are handling customers here.

So let's do spawn position, perfect.

Just to keep track of our customers,

we are just going to give them a name.

So name will be equal to customer

plus maybe a random.range.

Oh, I can't do that because we are using system.random.

So using random equals UnityEngine.random, okay?

So now we can use random.range from zero,

let's say, to 1,000, okay?

Or between zero and 1,000.

And after creating the customer,

we are going to add it to our queue right here.

So customers.enqueue, and if you're using a list,

you would add the customer to the list.

So customers.add newCustomer, boom.

So at this point,

we should already have our customers spawning.

And you know what?

We can actually give that a shot really quickly

because it's quite simple.

Let's say that we want a maximum of 10 customers

and spawn them, oh, I said that way, vector3, no.

Instead, I want a transform for the spawn position.

So transform spawnPoint,

and in here, spawnPoint.position, okay?

That way, it will be easier to set up in our scene.

So we can unlock this, select the coffee cashier station.

By the way, it happens a lot to me.

Sometimes I lock something, but I select something else,

and I think that these values are linked

to the thing I've selected.

So please make sure that you don't fall in the same trap.

Either right-click and select properties

or unlock your inspector, okay?

What you can also do is have a security inspector.

So something like this, maybe, I don't know,

you can drop it somewhere around here.

And if you select something else,

you can spot on the corner of your eye

that something has changed.

So you're not selecting the right thing.

You can see it here, okay?

That's just a quick tip, but yeah, it happens to forget.

So we've got 10 maximum customers,

and we need to set up our point here.

So let's zoom out, and let's say that the customers

are gonna spawn from somewhere around here, okay?

So let's right-click, create an empty GameObject,

and CustomerSpawnPoint, thank you.

And maybe we can move it somewhere around here,

so move to view, okay?

So right-click and move the object to the view

if you wanna drop it at that position.

The only thing that we're gonna change is the Y value here.

I need to set it to zero because everything happens

on the same plane in the game, okay?

Cool, let's now reference this boy and hit play.

Hopefully, we should see customers spawning now.

Okay, one, two, three.

I'm counting, but I'm not seeing them.

So one, two, three, four, five, six, seven,

eight, nine, and 10, perfect.

We've got our 10 customers set up

and ready to drink some coffee.