Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are going to add stats to our workers.

So let's jump right in.

Okay, so first things first, we are going to open our scripts,

ScriptableObjects, WorkerDataScriptableObject,

because this is where we're going to store the stats for our workers.

Just before the gameplay header, or maybe after, you decide here,

I'm going to add some stats.

So we are going to have three main stats.

Let's add a range attribute, by the way, just between 2 and 8, something like that.

The first one is going to be the private integer maxSpeed.

The second one is going to be the maxCapacity.

And the third one, the maxRevenue.

So the speed is self-explanatory, it's the speed or the velocity of the worker.

The capacity here is how many cups or food the worker can grab or hold,

and the revenue needs an additional E.

The revenue here is going to make sense when a worker delivers or is working at a certain station.

So instead of earning one buck or one dollar per cup served,

you can earn two, three, or more.

So let's now add some properties for these.

I'm just going to grab them, boom, drop them here.

Maybe before, yeah, before the prefab, so that it makes sense.

They need to be public, so let's add the public here.

And we're also going to have a capital M. Nice, okay.

So we've got our stuff here.

maxCapacity, maxSpeed, sorry.

Okay, this one is the maxCapacity, and this one, the maxRevenue.

Let's make things a bit cleaner.

Okay, maybe this one too can be here.

Boom, boom, I think I'm going to do one more.

Yeah, let's go for two more.

Okay, nice, that is beautiful, beautiful.

So now what we can do, because we've got our maxCapacity, revenue, and speed,

we can jump back to Unity and set these up.

So let's open our data, workers, Angelo, Kai, Jawed, and so on.

What we can do is set the value to the minimum for all of them,

and then tweak the values as we wish.

So we can say, for instance, that Kai can have a maxSpeed of 3,

maxCapacity of 3, and so on.

And quick disclaimer here, for the current version of the game,

make sure that the three stats have the same max value.

It's going to make sense later on, but if you want to use different values,

you will need to edit the code a tiny bit.

So yeah, I'm just going to do maybe 5 and maybe 7 for this one.

Okay, so these should be different. Thank you.

Nice, it should do the trick.

So now that we've got this, we can jump back to our UI worker container.

Yeah, somewhere around here.

Inside of here, what we can do is reference our stats.

Do we have them?

Yep, we've got the stats, so let's use them.

Stats at index 0 is going to be initialized with the maxSpeed,

so workerData.maxSpeed, and we also need to add the activeBlobCount.

This is going to be determined using the level that we've specified right here,

and we can calculate these later on.

So for now, let's just say 1, okay?

Same thing for the capacity and the revenue,

but it should be index 1 and index 2. Perfect.

So now let's go one step deeper and try and get these activeBlobCounts here, okay?

So we need to grab them from the level value, the worker level that we've got here.

We are going to create a helper method to grab them.

So it should return a Vector3 int.

Let's call this one statLevels,

and let's maybe get statLevels from level,

and pass in the worker level, so level.

Okay, so let's create this helper method. Cool.

When making the course, I've used a static class

and stored the method in a static class, but you can use it here.

It's actually quite similar.

Okay, so let's start with the speed level.

As I've told you, for this one, we are going to start from 1

and increase it every 3 steps, or every 3 levels.

So level 1, level 4, level 7, and so on.

So we can do mathf.sealToInteger,

convert the level into a float, and divide it by 3, okay?

Same thing for the other ones with a tiny difference, a tiny bit offset.

So this is going to be the capacity, and this is going to be the revenue level. Okay, boom.

So for this one, it should be level minus 1,

because the capacity is increased after the speed,

and for this one, minus 2.

But we are running into an issue here.

First off, we need parentheses.

Otherwise, we are just going to divide 2 by 3.

So let's add some parentheses.

Here, here, maybe here, and here.

Okay, makes sense.

So the float is casting this. Cool.

But we've got another issue here.

Level minus 1 might be negative.

Level minus 2 might also be negative.

So what we want to do is grab the maximum between that and 0.

So mathf.max between 0f and that.

And because we are using 0f here,

level minus 1 is automatically going to be converted to a float, okay? So boom, boom.

Actually, the result of this method is going to be converted to a float,

so we will be able to divide it by 3.

Additionally, we could have written 3f, okay?

So let's use the same logic in here.

Boom, and minus 2. Perfect.

So now that we've got this, we can return a new Vector3 integer

with the speed level, the capacity level, and the revenue level. Nice.

And now what we can do is use statLevels.x, statLevels.y, and statLevels.z.

Okay, perfect.

So now we finally have our stat levels.

And now that we've got this, we can finally increment our implement.

Sorry, not increment.

I'm just foreshadowing here.

But implement our levelUp method.

Okay, so first off, int statIndex.

This is going to be equal to level modulo stats.length. Okay?

So this is the index of our stat.

Then the stat that we want to increment is going to be that index.

So stats at index, statIndex.

This stat is going to be incremented.

So let's just call the increment method.

And then we can tackle that later.

After that, we're going to increment our level now.

And finally, just blink the next one.

So let's tackle that later, okay?

Blinking for now is not important.

So we can tackle this later on.

Let's increment this.

Boom, public void increment. Okay.

So inside of here, what should we do?

Well, like we've done in here, we need to activate the current blob,

the one that was blinking,

and then increment this blinkingBlobIndex

so that we can blink the next one.

So blobs at index, it's going to be blinkingBlobIndex.

Yep, dot activate.

And finally, blinkingBlobIndex++. Cool.

What we can do is actually increment or implement the activate method

so that we can spot things.

So let's add a reference to our image, unityengine.ui. Yep.

Boom, elements, image.

Ah, come on.

Image, let's call it renderer or just image, okay?

Inside of here, let's actually add the new keyword

so that we don't have these squiggly green lines.

But instead of here, just render.color equals color.green,

or maybe we can have that as a field right here, maybe.

It might make more sense so that we can tweak stuff.

So serialize field, private color, active color,

and use it right here.

Yep, that's nice.

We can also remove the start and update method

because we're not going to use them.

And jump back to Unity, hopefully.

And we should not have any error. Unity? Thank you. Okay.

So where is our blob thingy?

Prefabs, UI, worker, upgrade, blob.

Let's add the UI upgrade blob. Thank you.

Let's actually double click it and reference our image.

And for the active color, I'm going to use this green here. Okay.

So now we can open our upgrade...

No, the UI worker container

because we need to specify our stats here.

So we are going to select the three of them

and reference our blob.

For the blobs parent,

we're going to reference the horizontal layout

for each one of these. Boom and boom. Perfect.

So let's just make sure that we're using the right one. Yep, we are.

Okay, so that's the second step.

And the third step is going to be to reference the stats.

So the speed is the first one,

then the capacity,

and finally the revenue. Okay.

Are we good to go? I think we are.

I just want to make sure that we are going to call the upgrade thingy.

Where is the upgrade?

Yep, we should be good.

So we are going to level up and increment stuff.

Okay, so I think we are still saving

because we do save in here.

So when loading, we load the worker levels

and this is what gets used to level up.

So it should be good.

Okay, let's hit play.

All right, let's try and open up our panel here.

Okay, it hasn't been unlocked.

So we need to unlock the container whenever,

if it is unlocked actually.

So let's just unlock Angelo.

Let's do free, free, free, free, free, free. Yeah, awesome.

So of course, we're going to have an error here

because we don't have any more stats to increase.

But it's working.

Two for this one, three for this one,

four, five, and seven. Perfect.

Okay, so really quickly,

if the worker has been unlocked,

we should not see the locked overlay anymore.

So we are going to do that first and call it a lesson

because you've got a bunch of material to assimilate,

okay, to digest here.

So in our initialize method,

boom, boom, boom, right here,

maybe just after the stats,

if our level is less than zero,

it means that it is still locked.

So we want to update the lock button,

the unlock button, yep, and return.

Otherwise, what we can do is unlock our container

and later on, we are going to make the current stats blink

if it should blink.

So yep, let's try this out

and then again, we can call it a lesson.

That's enough for this one.

All right, let's open up the panel. Perfect. Cool.

Everything is working perfectly

and the stats, the level of the player here,

of the worker has been set up or loaded,

which is really nice.

So what should we do now?

We should clamp the upgrade.

We should update this button here

to display the price of our boy.

This one is not interactable

because we don't have enough cash.

This one is working perfectly

and we've reduced 200 bucks from our wallet, which is nice. Okay, cool.

Oh, we've got an issue here.

Okay, for the speed.

This one is already thingy.

So are we going to have an issue here too or not? Nope, we don't.

And we do for this one.

Okay, so we will need to fix these two.

Okay, so seems like we've got some work to do in the next one. See you there.