Welcome back guys! In this lesson we're gonna do two things. In the previous one we've set up the

stats of our workers at start, but not at run time. Now if we level up our workers, they are

not going to apply their new stats unless we quit the game and come back. So I want to fix that.

In our worker script right here, what we are going to do is... do we have the level up thingy?

Nope, I don't think we do. But we do have it in the worker manager if you remember well,

right here, level up worker. So let's level up our worker. We've got the worker name right here,

so we are going to loop through all of our workers.count, this is a list of course,

if the workers at index i.gameobject.name, because remember, when spawning the worker,

so in the spawn worker, we've associated the name right here. This is really important. Two

workers can't share the same name. If you want to do that, well, you will need some kind of index,

if you want, to keep track of the worker that you want to update or to level up. But in my case,

I've used the name of the worker. What we can also do, if you don't like this method, is grab maybe

the worker data, you can associate the worker data to the worker, and grab the name from there,

if you want to have different names for the game objects and the data. So gameobject.name,

I think we can do .name right away, but yeah, let's do .gameobject.name. Equals worker name,

or maybe it's different than that. By the way, oh, I thought we had an error here. So continue.

They don't have the same name. This is not the worker we want to level up. Otherwise,

workers at index i.levelup. And let's break, because we've leveled up our worker. Nice!

So now we can jump to our worker script and create that level up method, just after setting up

the stats. So public void levelUp, level++, and let's just set up our stats, because the stats

depend on the level, so everything is going to update properly. Cool! Okay, so we can now give

that a quick shot in Unity. So let's hit play. All right, so this shows up because we were in

the trigger. Let's come back. Let's select a worker. Boom, boom, boom. Let's select Matteo.

So the fourth one, we are going to increase its speed. Boom, 2.4. Perfect. Boom, boom. One more

time, 2.6. Awesome! And 2.8 and 3. Yay! Everything is working perfectly. Now if we exit and come

back, we should see the changes apply, of course, because we've done that in the previous one.

So we've got this. Boom, boom, boom. Yes, perfect, perfect. Matteo, 3, and so on. What about the plateau?

12. Noise, 7 plus 5. That's working. Okay, so the next thing we need to do here is apply the revenue.

And to apply the revenue, well, it's going to depend on all of the places where the workers are

going to generate revenue. In our case, we only have one place, which is the serving station.

So we will need to open our food serving station script right here.

When serving the customers, right now we generate two cash, okay? So two bills, let's say.

So what we need here is a reference to our character stats to know what's the revenue

multiplier of the guy that is serving, and hence generate cash depending on that value.

So the logic here is that we need character stats.

Okay, so we either need character stats or the revenue multiplier. You decide here. I've decided

to pass in the character stats. So we will need them here. We don't have any choice because this

is where we call this method. So if we need them there, we need them here. Character stats,

character stats. And if we need them here, it means that we need them here on trigger stay.

But in here, we've got a collider and we don't check if that collider has a character stats

component. So we can definitely do that. If the collider don't have a character stats

script, we can dismiss that and prevent calling this method.

So we can do other.tryGetComponent out character stats, character stats, okay?

And if character stats, or maybe just, yeah, let's do the if statement here. So if we can't find

a character stats component, we can just return. Otherwise, we can pass in the character stats in

here. Okay? Makes sense? Cool. So now that we've got our character stats in the actuallyServeFood

method, we can calculate the cash that we need to generate. So int baseRevenue will be equals to 1.

Okay? Again, super subjective here. You can change the formula here. Okay? So floatRevenueMultiplier

is going to be equals to Mathf.max between 1 and the characterStats.revenueMultiplier. Okay.

Then we can do int revenue will be equals to the Mathf.CL to int baseRevenue times revenueMultiplier.

Nice. Thank you. So now we can use this revenue to be generated as a cash.

Can we try that? Can we try that? Can we try that? Yes, I think that we can.

So I will need to collect the cash here from the food serving station and maybe lock,

lock, lock, lock, lock, lock. Anyway, let's hit play and we can handle this.

Okay. So let's generate the cash in here.

Okay. So missing a reference to an external object. Oh, I think this is due to our arc animator here.

Okay. We can try and tackle this later on. But now let's generate our cash here.

So who is going to serve? Angelo. Angelo here has a revenueMultiplier of 1. So according to

our calculation here, we should have 1 is the maximum. Okay. So 1 times 1 equals 1. So we can,

we should generate $1 per coffee cup. Okay. That's the case. One coffee cup has been served

and one cash or yeah, cash has been generated, which is perfect. So now let's wait and see if

someone else is going to come and serve our customers here. Okay. So now we've got,

we've got, we've got Kai that is coming and Kai's revenueMultiplier is also 1. Okay.

So I'm just going to increase Kai's revenueMultiplier in here. Okay. Where is Kai? Okay.

Let's increase it. Thank you. Boom. Who is going to serve now? This is Jawed. Jawed 1. Oh,

come on. Let's also increase Jawed. Okay. Thank you. And Ethan also is going to be maxed out.

Perfect. So now, yeah, what I want to do is check who is serving. Angelo is 1. Angelo,

yeah. Come on Angelo, get out of my way, please go do something else. Okay. So now we've got

Kai 1.6. So 1.6, normally we should have 1.6 is the max value here, 1.6. So 1.6 times 1

equals 1.6 and the seal will return 2. So normally we should generate 2 cash when Kai

serves the customer. So let's check. We've got this here. Okay. So let's go step by step.

Okay. So now we should spot everything here.

Do we have an available table? I don't know.

Okay. Yeah. I think we need to wait for Angelo to clean the table,

which is going to happen in 3, 2, 1, now. Okay. So can you go please? Okay. This one,

this customer is leaving. Here's another one. And there you go. We've generated 2 cash here. Okay.

Oh, come on. What did I do? Frick. Let's press F here. Yep. I'm messing everything up as usual.

Let's do this. Thank you. So yeah, again, we've generated 2 bills here, which is perfect.

Awesome. We can do another try here. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. Okay. Yeah. Again,

2 and so on. So we can wait for another worker to come and serve them. So who is this boy?

By the way, we can actually select the UI and prevent us from clicking or actually seeing the

UI in the scene view. So now we should not be able to click it. So this is Jawed. Jawed, Jawed,

Jawed has 1.8 here. It's going to be clumped to 2, 2. So he is going to generate 2 cash too. Yep.

Same thing. So you can decide to change the calculation if you want to deliver or give

more cash to your players. And yep. So we've got the...

Perfect. So now let's quickly fix our issue here and call it a day. So cash.gameObject,

we are trying to animate it. What we can do, by the way, what's that? Boom, skadoosh.

Boom, boom, boom. The other one was at line 42 in the arc animator. So we can

open our arc animator. Where is our arc animator? Line 42, 42, 42.

Okay. So right here, complete callback.

So it means that T equals null.

What's wrong with this? Come on, the cash was not null.

Animate cash to player.

Cash pile. Okay. So normally we should have removed it from the parent. So transform.childCount,

but we add more. So I think that this happens when we move the cash to player.

Yeah, I think that this happens when we move some cash objects that are still

under the cash pile and create new ones. So one good thing we could do

is turn all of our cash that we want to collect into children of a brand new game object, maybe,

before animating them. Yep. So is our arc, not the arc animator, actually. Yeah,

maybe we can just unparent them because they are going to be animated and then destroyed.

So boom, boom, boom, destroy cash. Yep. I think it makes sense here.

So let's do that. Let's start from the last one, transform.childCount minus one,

transform.getChildI.setParent null, or maybe parent equals null.

Okay. This is a quick, dirty fix, but at least we're not going to have that error.

Let's give that a quick shot. Okay. Let's hit play. So what we need to do here is to try and

collect the cash when we serve the customers. So we should not be serving them right away,

but soon, really soon. And yep, now. Okay. So we can't collect them.

Oh, come on. You see, when you want to do stuff in the dirty way, it's not working.

This is because I unparent them and then I try and move them. Come on. Why did I do that?

Let's remove this. And what if we unparent it inside of our loop here? Do we unparent it here?

Move along arc. Boom, boom, boom. No, we never unparent it. So,

so, so, so. But aren't we going to have errors if we unparent it?

So we've got T, we've got the target. No, I think we are not going to have any errors.

And if we ever have errors, we can handle them, of course. So cash.parent equals null. Okay.

So let's generate a bit more cash here so that we can try it out.

Okay. Can we spawn more tables to get things going a bit faster?

Nope. We don't have more tables. So we are just going to wait. I'm going to time lapse this.

Okay. So now we should be able to try this out. Let's generate the cash. Okay. No errors.

Let's generate the cash. Okay. No errors. Okay. So I removed something, that line from here,

and I'm trying out again here just to check if we still have that error. We are going to have it,

of course. And we don't, of course. But what we can do, one solution we can actually apply is

we've got our cash pile here. We can get or create two parents, one for the cash that we

can collect and one for the cash that we can't collect that is being generated. And when the

player comes to collect the cash, we can move all of the cash that is going to be collected

onto that new parent. Okay. As a child of that new parent. That way we don't have jamming between

the cash that we collect and the one that is being generated. That's a solution. So if we

ever feel that this is going to cause issues, we can apply that solution. Okay. See you in the next one.