Welcome back guys! In this lesson we want to add some effects to our UI worker container.

I know, I know, I told you that we were done with the UI for now but that's not the case

unfortunately. We are just going to add that effect and then we can jump to our player upgrades.

We haven't added the player upgrades yet to this office right here. We need to add that because

right now we can only upgrade our workers. So I want to add a blinking effect to the capacity

or revenue or in general the stat that is going to be updated or upgraded next.

So let's do that really quickly. For that we need to open our UI worker stat and add a blink method.

So public void blink. Inside of here we can do blobs at index blinking blob index dot blink.

But if the player or the worker has been fully upgraded we don't have anything to

blink so we need to check that case. So if the blinking blob index is greater than the

blobs dot count minus one we can simply return. So now let's add the blink method in our

blobs blob thingy in the UI upgrade blob. So public void blink.

To blink we are going to use leantween. So leantween dot cancel render dot game object

render dot color equals color dot white. Again here is super subjective but I just

want to show you the core idea behind that. So leantween dot color we are going to lerp

the render dot rect transform. Lerp it to the blink color that we are going to specify right here.

Blink color and let the animation last for one second. Then we want it to loop so set loop

ping pong minus one. Okay so that it is infinite. When we activate this blob or the blob we are

going to cancel the twin. So cancel leantween dot cancel game object. Okay so that it stops

blinking. Perfect I think we are quite done here. So we've got the blinking logic we call the we've

got the blink method but we never call it. Where are we going to call it? Well in the UI worker

container. When initializing our containers here we want to blink the correct blob. So what we can

do is int stat index equals level modulo stats dot length. Then we know that this is the one that

we need to blink. So stats at index stat index dot blink and that stat is going to handle the

correct blob that needs to blink. But we've got some other places where we need to apply this

logic. For instance when leveling up. So when leveling up again we can do oh let's copy actually

this logic in here boom and paste it here. We already have the stat index so no need to reference

the integer again or create it again and yep I think we're good to go. So let's jump back to

Unity and give that a shot. Let's select our prefabs UI the blob worker upgrade blob this one

and set a blink color. Let's say maybe a yellow one. Yellow color something like that or red.

Anyway you decide here come on. So let's try this out. Okay boom and yep this one is blinking.

Awesome. So of course we've maxed out all of the other workers but boom if we upgrade oh

we've got an issue here. We should activate the previous blob when upgrading.

Did you think about that? Yeah you should have. So what's the issue here? Blink.

Blink. Oh I see. So I'm giving you two seconds to think about the issue here. It's right here on

the screen. One two. Well when we blink we cancel the render.gameobject all the tween on the

render.gameobject but when we activate we do not cancel the render we cancel the actual game object

which is really bad. We need to cancel the tween on the renderer and now we should be good.

So let's try that out really quickly. Let's hit play. Okay boom let's upgrade and upgrade.

Yay! Now if we upgrade everything is activated. Perfect. So in the next one I think that we are

ready to tackle the player upgrades. By the way it can be a super exercise that you can try and do

because the logic is going to be quite the same as we've used for the workers. The layout is going

to be a bit different but come on the logic is the same. It's similar and I think it would be

a waste of time for me to spend a lot of time explaining how it's going to work. So I'm still

going to do it but it's going to be quick. Okay see you in the next one.