Welcome back, guys! In this lesson, we are going to start tackling the player upgrades

and we are going to start with the UI as usual.

Okay, so I'm going to rush into this because you already know how to do that.

We've done that for the workers.

So, PlayerUpgradesCanvas.

We are going to remove everything-ish. I don't know.

Let's actually remove everything and start from scratch.

We've got the canvas group, of course.

The reference resolution is correctly set up.

We are going to create a panel.

So, UICanvasPanel and okay.

So, let's just rename it Panel in capital letters. Thank you.

Do we want a background?

By the way, why isn't it visible?

Because the alpha is set to zero.

So, let's set it to one.

What we can do is actually remove the background and set or add a bit of an overlay here.

After that, let's add a container to contain our stuff. So, container. Thank you.

So, the container is going to be stuck to the bottom.

Okay, maybe a bit bigger.

Let's switch to 2D mode.

And yep, it can be something like that.

I think it makes sense.

All right, maybe we can change its color too.

So, let's turn it to a black container with a bit of transparency, something like that.

So, maybe in the future we can remove this image from here.

Okay, yeah, maybe it might make more sense.

So, let's enable the image because we still want the raycast target,

but set the color to transparent, fully transparent.

Okay, so let's add the top ribbon. Top ribbon.

Okay, it's going to be a child of the container.

Let's select it, change the color to red-ish, but I don't want it to break my eyes.

Stick it to the top and diminish its height, something like that.

Okay, so the top ribbon is going to contain a text mesh probe.

This is going to be the maybe title text.

And let's call it player.

Let's center it like so.

And the font size can be a bit bigger.

Maybe we can actually use the auto-size checkbox here, but it's not compulsory.

Okay, what do I prefer?

I think I'm going to favor the middle alignment here.

We also need a button to exit or to close this panel.

So, we can actually borrow it from here.

Let's duplicate it, drop it inside of our container or top ribbon.

Um, yeah, I think adding it to the top ribbon makes sense.

So, let's stick it to the right. Thank you.

We are going to remove the callback so that we don't get any errors or weird behavior

that we don't expect.

So, we've got our top ribbon set up.

This can be smaller in my opinion, yeah.

The icon can be a bit smaller, so maybe something like that.

Yep, that's better.

So, we've got our top ribbon done.

Now, we are going to add the upgrade buttons container.

So, let's create an empty GameObject, upgradeButtonsContainer.

It should occupy the whole space minus the top ribbon.

So, what you can do here is add a vertical layout group to the container

if you want it to be perfectly aligned, okay?

And after that, we can add layout elements to these two boys here. Okay.

So, we've got our upgradeButtonsContainer.

Let's add a horizontal layout group. Boom.

Horizontal layout group.

Let's occupy the whole container.

Horizontal layout group.

Should it control the size?

No, I don't think so.

Let's not force them to expand.

We just want to set them properly, okay?

To lay them out.

After that, we can add another image for our container.

So, this is going to be the upgradeContainer, okay?

Like we've done for the other boys here. Do I have it?

PlayerUpgradeContainer.

Yeah, UIPlayerUpgradeContainer. I have it.

So, what we can do is grab it and drop it here.

Duplicate it twice.

Let's maybe add a bit of spacing. 50 pixels.

Yeah.

What if we tell these to control the child size?

I don't like that.

If they expand, it's going to feel weird, to be honest. So, yeah.

Let's keep the original size here.

What we can do is actually select the container,

increase the width a tiny bit, maybe 270 and 450. Okay.

Oh, it did not apply. Come on. Revert all?

No, it did not work.

So, what we are going to do is grab all of them,

remove them, grab, up, boom, like so.

Duplicate twice.

Yeah, I think I prefer that.

What you can also do is switch to the simulator view

and see how it's going to behave on a real phone.

So, as you can see here, it's not optimal.

So, what we can do is either diminish the spacing,

or tell them to expand.

But if you tell them to expand on iPad,

it's going to feel super weird.

So, you have to make a choice here.

Or what you can do is add another script to check

if you're on an iPad.

And if that's the case, uncheck this

and set up a width for the container. Okay.

So, maybe 250. Whoa, come on.

We're not going to spend the day here.

Container, should it be smaller?

Something like that.

Well, again, here it depends if you want to add a banner

at the bottom here.

So, you might increase its size and move these up.

And to move them up, you can just grab the upgrade container and move it up. Okay.

So, you decide here.

All right, I think I'm going to keep it as is.

I just want to focus on the logic.

So, this UIPlayerUpgradeContainer here has a vertical layout

with a title, an icon, a section for the blobs with the blobs.

So, here is the blobs section. Okay.

Of course, we will need to control these blobs.

For this example, I've decided to add five levels to our player

for the speed, the capacity, and the revenue.

And by the way, these are going to have a script.

So, we are actually going to spawn them at runtime

like we've done for the UI worker container.

And then initialize them and update them. Okay.

Same thing for the free button here.

The free button is if you want to add a video.

If you want to allow your players to watch a video

to upgrade a stat, you can do so.

Here is the button that will do or apply this logic. All right.

So, now that this is done, we can actually remove these.

I just want to set or apply the changes here.

So, let's apply free, boom, boom, boom.

No, I want to apply the rect transform.

Why do I only have TextMeshPros?

Yeah, I want to apply the rect transform.

So, UID 260, 450, 260.

Yeah, something like that. Okay.

Now we can remove them.

And in the next one, let's start working on the logic

to show, hide this panel, and also set up our stats. StatContainers.

See you in the next one.