Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to start adding our pizza station.

So let's jump right in! Okay, so we already know how to unlock stuff, we all already know about

progression, so what I'm gonna do is simply add the pizza station right away. No need for

progression, we need to save time here. So the right wall here should be a bit less taller than

this one. Same thing for the the wall inside of our office zone. So let's do something like this.

Okay, I'm actually going to zoom in a tiny bit, maybe let's zoom on this one. Okay, top view,

thank you. So let's diminish its size to something like that. Yeah,

they should be somewhere around the same point. Okay, somewhere around here. Then we want to

duplicate one of these two walls, so let's duplicate the other one. Which one was it?

This one. Let's duplicate it, rotate it by 90 degrees. Okay, let's press V but W first

to move it to this vertex maybe. Okay, is it good? Yep, that's perfect actually. Do we have some

weird overlap or Z-fighting? No, I don't think so, so that's nice. We can move this tree a tiny bit

to the left. Okay, I'm just going to create a zone for our pizza zone actually. Okay,

so this tree should be moved or deleted. Thank you. We are going to duplicate this wall again.

Let's do this. Don't worry, these walls are going to be children of another game object.

Well, now I just want to set this up. Okay, let's duplicate this, press W again,

keep pressing V. Maybe we can move this vertex to somewhere around here and

I don't like it. I need to move it there. Yeah, okay, that's better. Let's zoom in a tiny bit.

Nope, like so and like so. Okay, so customers are going to come in from, yeah, I think I'm

going to make them come in from somewhere around here and exit this way. So keep in mind that this

pizza station is going to be a pickup station and you can create or use it to serve cars like in the

original game instead of customers. So let's just duplicate this ground right here. Can I select it?

I don't want to select the UI, I want to select the ground. Let's duplicate it, move it somewhere

around here and arrange it as we wish. Okay, so it should be a bit higher..005, thank you.

Okay, so something like that should be decent. Let's remove the gizmos. This is due to the

selection. Yep, I think it's decent. Come on, we are not here to make things pretty. We just want

to make them work and then you are way better than me at design, I'm sure. So after that, what we can

do is create a new game object and it's not going to be a child of the office zone. So let's rename

it pizza zone. Okay, perfect. So now we can just reset its transform, create a new game object that

is going to hold the walls. All right, how many walls do we have? One, two, three, three walls.

Yeah, boom, like so. All right, so then you can enable it, disable it, but of course we also need

the ground by the way. So let's do ground. Okay, but I told you that we were not going to

unlock it, so let's keep it active. All right, so now our boys are able to go through here and walk

in this zone, which is perfect. So the first thing we are going to do is create a station to spawn

the pizzas. We already have one to spawn the other things. Where is it? Service ground stations.

Okay, coffee station locked element. Yep, we don't want this one to be locked, so I'm just going to

grab the coffee station, duplicate it, drop it as a child of the pizza zone and call it pizza station.

Cool, so now we can move it to somewhere around here. Okay, so this is where our workers will come

to grab some pizzas. Okay, this spot right here. So we don't want to spawn cups, we want to spawn pizzas.

So let's now hit play and see how it goes. What is going to happen now? I'm going to unlock some stuff.

Okay, so we are already getting some errors here. Pizza station, the variable renderer of pizza has

not been assigned. Oh, didn't we assign it? I think we did not. Anyway, so here is it. Here is the filter.

We need the dirty mesh, so dirty pizza. Okay, and for the offsets, should we keep these values or not?

Let's duplicate the pizza, grab this value, drop it here. Yeah, that's decent. Okay, nice, I like it.

So let's hit play again. All right, so I'm just going to unlock stuff really quickly. Boom, here's the

first thing. We'll need the workers, by the way. So let's switch to the main scene. The pizzas have been

spawned. I can grab them normally, but I'm going to show you something here. Let's not add the workers.

I'm going to try and grab some pizzas. Okay, thank you. Perfect. So now let's try and drop them

on the coffee cashier station, and as you can see, it is working. This is really bad. We don't want

this to happen. This cashier station should only serve coffee cups, not pizzas. So there is one

thing we need to do. We need to check if the food that we are trying to drop corresponds to the food

that is supposed to be served. Okay, so we don't have any reference to the food that is supposed to

be served right now, so we should add it first. So for that, we are going to open our

cashier station's scripts. Where is it? Right here. The food serving station. Let's open it. Do we have

a reference to the food? Yeah, here is the food served prefab. Where is it used? Create task request.

Okay, so for the workers only. Fine. So when do we drop food inside of here? I think it is

linked to the food drop zone. Food drop zone. Okay, push. Who is calling the push method in here?

Uh-huh, the handle in drop zone, the hold food ability. Okay, so the conditions are is dirty, is

full and so on. We need to check another condition. We need to check if the food that is in the plateau

is the food that is supposed to be collected by the drop zone. Okay, so for that, let's jump back

to our food serving station. In the awake method, we want to call the drop zone and set the accepted

food to the food that is supposed to be served. So the food served prefab, this one. Once it's done,

we can create this method. Okay, no thank you NVIDIA. Okay, so let's hit do public, remove this.

Okay, and add a reference to the accepted food. So let's do something like serialize field,

private spawnable food, accepted food. We will definitely need to check it somewhere else. So

let's add a reference to it, spawnable food, accepted food, or maybe not, wait. Anyway, we are

going to do that, but maybe we are not going to use it. Okay, and in here, set accepted food this,

that accepted food equals food served prefab, and we can actually rename this accepted food. Perfect.

So let's apply some OOP principles in here. We are going to check if we can accept the food,

and we are not going to grab the food from here actually. So can accept food, spawnable food,

spawnable food, like so. And in here, we want to compare is this food the same as this one

that is supposed to be accepted or not. We're just going to return spawnable food dot get type

equals accepted food dot get type. Okay, perfect. So now we can use this additional condition in our

hold food ability, if I remember well. Yeah, handle in drop zone right here. So somewhere around here

maybe, just before the delay, if the drop zone, or should we increment the delay? Yeah, I think we are

still going to increment the delay. That's fine. If the drop zone dot can accept the food

that we are holding, so we need to ask the plateau for that. Plateau dot peak. Can we do that? No,

we can't, but we are going to be able to do so. So let's just return. Let's add the peak method

in here. Okay, public, and the plateau should just return us the spawnable food that is at the top.

So let's just return. I think it's food position, get last food position dot peak.

Yeah, last food pushed in here. Yeah. So let's do last food pushed. Or additionally,

what you can do is get first full position dot peak. Okay.

And inside of here, we can add again the peak method, public,

peak. Okay, food position. And what we can do is just return the food to return. Yeah,

the food here. So return food. Thank you. All right. So at this point, we can try this out,

I think. So let's hit play. All right. So let's go grab some pizzas.

Okay. Thank you. Let's try and drop them in the cashier station, the coffee one.

And we can still do that. Interesting. Why? Our cashier station has the cup food here. Okay.

So it's this one. Interesting. What about the drop zone? If we switch to debug mode,

cup, it should accept cup. Okay. So why can we still drop pizzas in here?

Food drop zone. Okay. Can accept food. Oh, I think I forgot to add a, yeah. If we can accept food.

Yeah. Boom. I forgot again. Come on, these exclamations. So now I can't drop coffee cups,

right? Yeah, I can't. So I've added the opposite logic. So let's try that again,

really quickly. Come on, hurry up, my boy. Hey. And I can drop them, but can I collect cups?

I can't collect cups. Really cool. I can still drop, wait, wait, wait. I can't collect cups

because the plateau looks full. Yeah. So let's drop these. Oh, I can't drop these in the trash.

Didn't we add the logic for that?

Uh-huh. Here is the trash. Okay. I'm inside of it. Okay. Trash.

On trigger enter hold dish ability has dishes. Oh yeah. We can only drop dishes. We can't,

right now we can't put clean food in the trash. So yeah, it makes sense. Let me try that one more

time. We are going to try and grab maybe two or three pizzas and try and come to grab some cups

and see if it works. Or we can do it the other way around, actually. So let's grab two cups.

Thank you. So now we should not be full. One, two, three, four, five. Yeah, it's Tapseel coffee.

So we've got five cups. Can we grab two pizzas or not? If that's the case, we need to edit our code.

And of course that's the case. But there is another issue. Now the plateau considered that

the spacing between the elements should be the pizza spacing. Yep. So we've got cups and pizzas.

Yay. Awesome. So we need to add more logic to our code now that we've added pizzas.

You see? So in the next one, let's prevent this from happening and keep going,

finding more issues with this new type of food. OK, see you in the next one.