Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to fix some bugs and go on.

So in our previous lesson we've seen that we were able to able to collect pizzas along with

coffee cups. This is bad. So in our hold food ability right here, not handle in drop zone but

in the handle in food spawner station, we need to check if we are holding some food in our plateau

and if that's the case it needs to be the same type as the food spawner station's food prefab.

So inside of here if plateau.last, can't we grab our last food pushed? We can't.

So maybe we can use OOP again and check for that. So let's do

at the bottom here, somewhere around here, public bool can accept a certain type of food.

So let's do spawnable food. What are the conditions here? If the plateau is not full or is empty,

if the plateau is empty we can return true. Because we don't have anything yet in our

plateau or on our plateau serving. If the last food, so getFirstFullPosition,

this is a food position.peak, this should be a spawnable food.

.getType equals or is different than the spawnable food we want to accept.getType,

let's return false because they have different types. Otherwise let's return true because it

means that the plateau, if the plateau is empty actually, we'd simply return true so that's fine.

If the food is different, we return false. Otherwise we've got the same type of food so

we can accept that. Fine. So now let's jump back to our hold food ability, I guess. Yep,

somewhere around here. Let's remove this. If plateau.canAccept, station.spawnable,

we have the spawnable food here, spawnable food prefab. Yeah, we want to create a property for

that. So private spawnable food, spawnable food prefab, spawnable food prefab. Thank you.

So now we can use it inside of here. Spawnable. Oh, come on.

Oh, I've added it to the serving station. Come on, food spawner station. Oh no, I've added it

in the right position but it's private. Yay, focus please, focus Tapseel. So if the plateau.canAccept

it, or should I say if it can't accept it, we are simply going to return. So now let's give

that a shot. All right, let's hit play. So we are getting an error here. Why? Because we haven't,

we don't have any, oh, we don't have anything in our plateau yet. Yeah, that's true. Oh,

crap. So we need to grab, but if it is empty, we return true.

So is it, are you telling me that the plateau is not empty at that point? Is empty at start

getFirstFullPosition equals null. Well, the plateau is empty here.

Oh, come on. Do you like bug fixing? Plateau 253, yep, of course. Okay.

Because we call it here, makes sense. Player detector. So if we follow this path,

of course, that's the correct path here. If the plateau cannot accept, but it is empty.

Let's see if we reach this point. Okay, here. Boom, boom, and let's hit play again. All right.

So we do reach that point. It feels like the plateau is not empty, or it thinks that the

plateau is not empty. Okay. getFirstFullPosition equals null. So we are not, this does not return

null. So the food position here is not empty, you're telling me? Oh, interesting.

But we can't spot...

Are you telling me that the food has been collected?

This is really interesting here. Okay, so here is the plateau,

animPositions, foodPosition. We've got one food position. Is it holding anything?

It's not holding anything.

Uh-huh. But it's not empty. Why isn't it empty? That's the question.

That's the question. Okay, let's remove these. I don't think we need them.

So isEmpty is true by default at awake, in awake.

So if it's not empty, please tell me the name of that food position. Can you?

debug.log. getFirstFullPosition.name. I just want to see who is not full here. I'm not the fool.

Come on, let's hit play. If you don't like debugging, I'm going to try and drop a timestamp

of when we find this bug here. Okay, so foodPosition is the name of our boy.

Oh, yeah, I also need to check if the plateau is enabled or not, not just if it's empty.

So, yep, inside of here, do I check if it's enabled or not? No, I don't.

But the plateau is not enabled. So maybe when calling canAccept here.

Wait, okay, it's called here, of course.

But the plateau needs to be active here. ifPlateau.gameObject.activeInHierarchy and

we can accept, so that we've got time to initialize our boy here. Yeah.

So if it's not active in the hierarchy, we are not going to return, so we can grab that food.

Makes sense? Let's give it a shot. There you go. That's way better. Awesome. So now let's try

something else. Can we grab... First of all, how many things do we have? One, two, three, four,

five, six, seven. Oh, come on. Let me try and increase that value here, maybe four, five, six,

let me try and increase that value here, maybe 14. Can we grab coffee cups now or not? We can't.

Okay, perfect. Let's drop maybe one pizza. No, we can't, of course, because this is the coffee place.

Can we grab more pizzas? If we can grab more pizzas,

it means that our code is working because we were not able to grab coffee cups.

Okay, so I need to try that again. The maximum amount of the plateau has not been updated

correctly. So let's grab one pizza. Okay, let's try and grab some coffee cups.

I can't drop it here. Perfect. And I can't grab coffee cups. Awesome. But I can still grab

more pizzas, which is super cool. Let me just try that.

Let me just try that. Yeah, perfect. Awesome. Phew, finally. It's finally working. Nice.

So now that this is working perfectly, what we need to do is add our serving station,

so the pizza serving station, right? So let's do something like this. We are going to grab

our other serving station, so cashier station, this one. Let's duplicate it,

drop it in the pizza zone. Okay, so let's do pizza serving or maybe cashier station.

Okay, thank you. Let's move it next to the other one, somewhere around here, maybe. Makes sense.

Yep, quite close. Okay, cool. What we want to do here is not serve cups, but serve pizzas.

So we will be able to grab the pizzas and drop them here. We can try this out really quickly.

Let's change the GUID, by the way, of this boy and this boy too. Do we have a GUID here? No,

we don't, so that's fine. So yeah, let's try this out. And we are going to have a difference.

Now this is going to spawn customers and they are going to go to the tables normally. Where

are my customers? Here they are. Okay, they are coming. Perfect. So we've got customers coming in

here and here. Nice. So now if I drop pizzas inside of there, okay. Now if I serve them,

they are going to try and go towards the tables. This is not what we want. We want them to grab

the pizzas and quit our beautiful restaurant. What the heck is happening here? Oh my God.

Anyway, I think I need to give him more pizzas. Wait, but the other one has that. Oh, I don't

want to clean the tables. Anyway, so our food serving, the pizza serving station is now working,

but the issue again is that we need to spawn customers here and they need to exit towards

this place. This is why in the beginning of the course, if you remember well, what I've told you

is, hey, okay, we are going to create the food serving station, but we are not going to abstract

it right now. We are going to abstract it later on. And now time has come. We need to abstract

the food serving station. Let's do that in the next one.