Welcome back guys! In this lesson we are going to use abstraction to create our pizza station.

I told you that in the previous one. Okay so the first thing we need to do is to open our

scripts folder and create inside of the stations here a pickup station script. So pickup

station and this will be available for pizzas, for anything you want your customers to just

pick up and leave instead of sitting at the tables. So now our pizza cashier station this one

we can just collapse the box collider, the GUI generator and the task requester

and add the pickup station script. Okay so this pickup station script is going to inherit from

the food serving station script. Really important! Then we are going to abstract that boy but first

off let's check what we need, what are going to be the main differences between the pickup station

and the other station, the coffee one. Well the food serving station, sorry the pickup station

doesn't need a table manager, it does need a drop zone, it does need a task requester, a worker

target point, a cash pile, the food served, the serving delay of course, but what we don't need

is our table manager here. We still need customers but we need something else, we need the

customer's exit point. So we can play with this customer spawn point, let's say that we

want the customers to spawn here but we need to add an exit point. All right so we can also

max out the customer count to five, makes sense and keep the same orientation.

So let's do something like this, let's open our food serving station. What we can already do is

specify the exit point for our customers. So private transform,

transform, thank you, customer exit point. Okay.

Next what do we want to do? Well we want to dequeue customers in a different way and we also want to

handle the customers served. So let's grab the pickup station script and drop it right here, okay?

Not right here, just right here. What we can do is open our food serving station and see what we can

grab from here, then we are going to turn it into an abstract method. So the first thing we need is

the actually serve food method, it's right here. So let's do something like protect it, override,

void, actually serve food and we are going to pass in the character stats as we've done in

the original script. Character stats, thank you. This might be a bit too small, can we do

this? No, I don't want any breakpoint, yeah. This is better, already a bit better.

Not optimal but better, okay. Then inside of here we want to serve the customers, so serve

customers, pass in the character stats and we also want to set the serving timer to zero, okay?

Nice. Then we will also need to dequeue the customers but as I've told you in a different

way. So protect it, override, void, dequeue customers, dequeue customers, sorry.

Like so, thank you. So to dequeue it we are going to dequeue it from the customer manager, so

customerManager.dequeue, okay, with a lowercase c by the way because we will have the customer

manager from the abstract class. We want to handle the customer served and that's it. So

let's create this method, okay? This is going to be private, we want to handle the customer served.

Customer, thank you, boom and boom, like so. So to handle the customer served again is going to

be quite simple. We just want to tell him to reach or go towards the target exit point or

customer exit point that we have here. So go to then, let's do customerExitPoint.position

and the callback is going to destroy the customer. Yeah, we can be bad persons from time to time,

that's okay. We just need to repent, okay? So we've got different things to handle in here.

We need to first off turn this one into an abstract class, that's the first step. Turn

these methods into abstract methods in the main class, so the food serving station.

And yep, so let's tackle things step by step. First off, this is going to be an abstract class,

so abstract class food serving station. Next, our actually serve food method. Next,

our actually serve food method is here. Okay, perfect. So it needs to be protected,

abstract, abstract, void, actually serve food. But we've got a bunch of calculations in here,

so how are we going to handle that? Well, we are going to grab these and drop them in another

method. So because this is an abstract one, we now need to do a semicolon in here. Okay,

that's the first step. And then protected void serve customers, so this one, the one that we've

created right here with the character stats, character stats. There you go. Then this

serving timer here can be removed from here, and we can mark it as protected, so that we can reset

it from the inherited script, okay? The script that inherits from the food serving station.

Nice. Then that's the first step. After that, we can dequeue customer. This one

also needs to be abstract, but I don't want to lose the logic, so I'm just going to do

protected, abstract, void, dequeue customer, customer, customer. That way we don't break

this one, I'm just going to comment it, okay? Because this is the logic that we're using for

our table thingy, the other serving station, the coffee one. Then, then, then, then, then,

the customer manager. Do we have the customer manager in here or not? Yep, we should have it,

food serving, customer manager, here it is. So it should be protected, thank you. What else?

So now we've got it, and we are now good in our pickup station. Okay, so let's create the other

one, the usual or the normal serving station, so that we can go step by step. So let's jump back

to Unity, and in our station folder here, we are just going to create a new script for the normal

one. So let's call it cashier station. Okay, let's open it right away before it compiles.

We are quite kind of quick. So this is going to inherit from the food serving station again,

one more time. We can remove these, and in here, we will need the table manager, but we did not

need it in our pickup station. So we will be able to remove it from the abstract food serving

station right here. So let's grab the table manager, drop it here under elements, maybe.

Thank you. Next, what are we going to need? Well, let's start with these simple ones, and then we

can tackle the other methods. So first off, protected override actually serve food, come on,

this one, thank you, with the character stats. So in here, we simply want to grab the logic from the

other actually serve food, which is, don't tell me that we've removed it.

We did not, or did we? Because we want to check if the table manager has some available tables.

So if the table manager.isAnyTableAvailable, we can simply return. Otherwise, we can apply

the same logic here. So let's do this and this. Okay, then let's dequeue the customer. So protected

override dequeueCustomer. Okay, again, we want to check if we've got any table available. So if

table manager.isAnyTableAvailable, let's just return. We can't dequeue our customer.

And let's do customerManager.dequeue. I think that's the logic we had in our food serving station.

Yeah, this logic right here. Boom. Let's just grab it and paste it. Yeah, sometimes I like to write

and I forget. So now we can finally remove the logic from here. Okay, thank you. And what else do

we need in here? Let's remove the table manager from this abstract class and everything is going

to, any error is going to show up. So boom. I think we're good. Yep, we're good to go. No more errors.

So let's check if this is working. Okay, let's set up our stations one more time. So we've got

the pizza station or the cashier station, this one. So the food serving station now is not relevant

anymore because it is abstract. You can't add an abstract class to a game object. We need to

reference our drop zone, the task requester, the worker target point, the cash pile, the food served

prefab is going to be, oh come on, I can't link it from here. So let's do pizza. Yeah, the prefab.

Yep, thank you. Actually, I'm going to lock this one, unlock this one, but wait, wait, wait,

one more thing. Serving delay dot three and the customer exit point is going to be somewhere

around here. So we can create a game object somewhere around here. Let's duplicate actually

the spawn point, move it here, and this is going to be our exit point. Customer exit

point. Thank you. Perfect. Maybe just behind the tree so that we don't spot them.

Okay, so let's reference this one. So now we still need to reference our other elements from here.

Let's remove the old one, add the new, what was that, cashier station? Yeah, cashier station.

So drop zone, task requester, worker target point, cash pile, spawn food, which is the cup,

dot three, and the table manager. Where is the table manager? Right here. Perfect.

So why do I still have that error? I don't know, but it's gone. So that's perfect. Okay,

so let's now hit play. Okay, so we've got some warnings given in the coffee cashier

station reference runtime script in scene file fixing. Where is our coffee cashier station?

Coffee cashier station. Coffee cashier station. Here it is. Does it reference?

Oh, I think it was in the task requester. No, no, no, no, it was not here.

Anyway, let's try this out. These are just warnings, not errors. So we are serving the

customers. Okay, and they exit through the exit point behind the tree. Please, thank you. Okay,

so this is working. What about the other one? The other ones should sit at the table. So let's try

and serve them. Let's grab some coffee cups. Okay, drop them here. Let's serve them, and they are

walking towards the table, which is really cool. Awesome. That's working perfectly. Nice.

So in the next one, we are going to check if it's still working with our workers. Okay,

can I serve this boy? Yep, I can. Nice. See you in the next one.