Welcome back guys! In this lesson, we are finally going to tell our customers to

queue before or in front of the cashier station right here. So for that we need a starting

position for our queue. We can add it to the coffee cashier station. So let's right click,

create an empty, queue, start, point, something like that. And what I want to do is drop it

somewhere around here, maybe one and a half. Yep, somewhere around here. Yeah, one and a half. Nice!

Should be a good starting point. So now let's try and tell our customers to reach that point or to

go towards there. So first off, we need a reference to that point. So let's add it. Settings, elements,

maybe right here. Queue, start, point. Alright, now we can go down in here and find the target

position for that customer. So imagine that we've got a queue of customers and we spawn them one by

one. So the first one should go towards the queue start point, but then we should have some spacing

for the other customers, right So we need to specify that spacing too. Let's do that. So in

our settings right here, maybe just before the max customers or after. Maybe before. So serialize

field, private, vector three. Okay, vector three. Let's say queue spacing. And in here, why did I use

a vector three Just because we might imagine, if you want, I'm not going to do that in the course,

but if you want, you can have some cashier stations that are oriented in a different direction. So

maybe this one can be oriented like that and you've got customers coming from this direction.

So I think it's, yeah, so vector three dot right or minus vector three dot right. Okay, what you can

also do is use the forward transform of the station renderer here as the direction.

You decide. That way you can use a floating value for the queue spacing or a float.

Another thing that I want to note here is that because we've got some elements here, you see,

our player has been marked as an obstacle. So if we move our player, boom, this zone or area

is marked as an obstacle. So navmesh agents won't be able to reach or go through this point.

This is really bad. We don't want that. So here's what we're going to do. We're going to grab our

player and put it on a different layer. Yeah, player, different layer. So let's add a new layer

and call it something like, I don't know, maybe ignore navmesh. Maybe with a space here. Okay,

so let's select our player and ignore the navmesh. Okay, let's change the children too. Perfect.

Oh, we can't spot it. Why can't we see it Because we've got some render settings. So we are going

to select tiny coffee shop, settings, settings, settings. I think the settings are here. Yeah.

Mobile renderer and let's add the ignore navmesh here and here. Oh, are we using the mobile renderer

or the PC renderer Oh, we're using the PC renderer. Okay. Gotcha. Okay. So we can change that.

You know how to do that quality in the project settings and you decide if you want to use mobile

or PC. Okay. So in our case, we're using PC right here and that's okay. Fine. Perfect. Now what we

can do is select our navmesh surface and select the object collection, not to everything, but let's

ignore navmesh. Let's now bake. Boom. And the player is not considered as an obstacle anymore.

Cool. So now what we can do is rotate this again, bake the navmesh one more time. Perfect. Thank you.

And later on, I'm going to show you a way not to bake every time if you change stuff because

later on we are going to have locked. These are going to be locked. The cashier station,

the coffee station. So they should not be considered as obstacles right away.

Some of you already know we are going to use navmesh obstacles. Spoiler. So where were we

Yeah. Our queue. So let's select our coffee cashier station and reference our point and our

spacing will be, let's say, one along the X-axis. Perfect. So let's now jump back to our code.

Nice. And in here, what we want to do is grab the target position for our customer.

So let's say vector3 targetPosition will be equal to getLastCustomerPosition. Okay.

So let's now create this method. Boom. Inside of here, what we want to do is really simple.

We are going to grab our QueueStartPoint. So let's return our QueueStartPoint.Position

and we are going to add the spacing multiplied by, oh what the heck, multiplied by the amount

of customers minus one. Okay. So customers.count minus one. There you go. This will return the

target position for the customer we've just created. When we create our first customer,

we add it to the queue. So we have one customer in our queue. So customers.count equals one,

one minus one equals zero, zero times anything equals zero. So we are going to move it or the

target position will be our QueueStartPoint. After the first customer, so customer number two,

minus one, one times queue spacing equals vector3.right. Okay. Because we are using

vector3.right here. Added to the QueueStartPoint.Position. Perfect. I hope this is clear.

Again, if not, please leave a comment in the comment section. Once we've got that target

position, we can give it to the customer and the customer will try and move there.

So newCustomer.initialize. We are going to initialize that boy with the food count,

so the amount of cups he needs, but later on, not right now. But for now, we just want to

initialize it with the target position so that he can try and move towards that position.

So let's create that method. Okay. Thank you. So public initialize with the target position.

In our initialize method, we are simply going to tell the customer to go towards a certain position.

So let's tell him to go to target position. Okay. Later on, of course, we are going to have

more added to this, but for now, let's keep things simple. So private void, go to vector3.target

position. There you go. Inside of here, I already told you that, but we are not going to handle the

movement right here. Instead, I want to use the same logic used for our abilities. HoldFoodAbility,

later on, holdDishAbility, and now, navigationAbility. So here is what we're going to do

in here. bool canReachDestination will be equals to navigationAbility.tryGoTo, that destination,

so target position. And for now, let's keep it simple. Then if we can reach this destination,

so if we can reach the destination, we are going to start the walking state. Okay. So we've already

tackled state machines in some other courses. You should be familiar with enums and states at this

point. I hope. Please, if it's not the case, tell me, and I might try and add a lesson for that.

So yeah. At start, we're going to have some states here. So enum state

idle equals zero, and walking equals one. And finally, consuming food. I'm just going to call

this one drinking. Drinking equals two. But yeah, keep in mind that we can actually

consume different types of food. So private state states. There you go.

So now what we can do is create this method, startWalkingState. And in here,

let's keep things simple. We are simply going to do state equals state.walking,

and animator dot, oh, come on, animator with a lowercase a dot startWalking. So of course,

we will need a reference to our animator. Components. Serialized field. Private.

Customer. Animator. Animator. There you go. And let's also create the startWalking method.

There you go. We can handle this one later on. Right now, we are dealing with the navigation.

Okay. So let's do something like this. Public. And yeah. Let's just remove the error. Okay.

So let's now create our navigation ability, because we don't know what this is.

So in our scripts folder. So scripts. Abilities. Right here. Let's right-click and create a new

MonoBehaviour script. Navigation. Ability. Let's open this script now. Perfect. So let's go step

by step. Our navigation ability will handle a NavMesh agent. So we want to use UnityEngine

dot AI here. Okay. Boom. Okay. Perfect. Next, our navigation ability will require a NavMesh agent.

Otherwise, it doesn't make sense on its own. So require component. Type of NavMesh agent. Perfect.

So we can now store this agent. So components. Private. NavMesh agent. Agent, let's say. And in

Awake, agent equals get component of type NavMesh. NavMesh agent. There you go. Super cool.

After that, we can go back to our customer script here and tell our navigation ability. Yeah, we need

to reference that boy first. So we are going to duplicate this. Navigation. Ability. Navigation.

Ability. Nice. Now we need to create our try-go-to method. So let's create it. And here it is.

Public bool try-go-to. So in here, what can we do Well, first off, we are going to set the target

position's Y value to zero, just in case it's not on the Y plane. So target position dot Y equals

zero. Next, we are going to try and calculate a path to that position. We should check if the

agent can reach that position or not. Otherwise, we might get an error. So this is something we

need to take into account when dealing with NavMesh agents. So NavMesh path, let's call it

path, will be equals to new NavMesh path. This is where we are going to store the result of our

calculation. Then bool reachable will be equals to agent dot calculate path towards a target position

and store the path right here. This is where we are going to know if we can reach that position

or not. So if the destination is not reachable, we're going to do something. Else, we can do

something else. Here is what we're going to do. First off, we are not going to do anything except

maybe debugging an error. Let's debug an error here. So debug dot log error. Let's say agent

plus name cannot reach the target position or destination

plus target position. Then we can return false. Otherwise, what are we going to do Well,

we can reach that destination. So let's try and moving towards that destination.

For that, what we are going to do is agent dot set path, the path that we've just calculated,

and also set agent to is stopped to false. The agent is not stopped. It can move. Later on,

we're going to stop the agent for some reason. So then we can return true because we can reach

that destination. Okay. So I think that we can already give that a shot and we can call it a

lesson after that because it's starting to get a bit too long in my opinion. So let's select our

customer, customer, customer, customer. Here we go. Now let's add a navigation ability. There you go.

We already have the navmesh agent, which is really cool. Let's reference our navigation

ability and the customer animator. Perfect. So we should be good for this. Should we reference

something else or not Cashier station, everything seems set up correctly. So let's hit play. Okay.

Where are our agents Right here. There you go. They are moving. Perfect. And they are going

towards the target destination. Okay. Okay. Boop, boop, boop. Okay. They are sliding a bit. We still

need to animate these boys, but at least we can now reach the target destination. Let's try

something else. If we grab our customer spawn point right here and put it over there. Let's

hit play. Now they should go towards this point, this corner here. And then, yeah, that's exactly

what's happening. Perfect. So they can find a path to the target destination. Really cool. I hope that

you can spot the advantages of having abilities attached to your characters. It makes your

gameplay and your architecture way cleaner, in my opinion. So I highly encourage you to do so.

If you've got any questions, please leave them in the comment section. If you've enjoyed this lesson,

I would love if you could leave a review. It always helps. Thank you so much. And yeah,

in the next one, let's animate these customers and maybe give them some coffee. See you there.